To better elucidate the socioeconomic and racial differences in women who received postmastectomy radiation therapy with or without a chest wall boost, the records from 4747 women included in the California Cancer Registry were reviewed. Poor and Hispanic women were more likely to receive a chest wall boost than were more affluent and non-Hispanic women. INTRODUCTION: Healthcare disparities in breast cancer treatment have been well documented. We investigated the socioeconomic status (SES) and racial factors in women with locally advanced breast cancer from the California Cancer Registry who had received postmastectomy radiation therapy (PMRT) with or without a chest wall boost (CWB). PATIENTS AND METHODS: The records of 4747 women with invasive breast cancer, diagnosed from 2005 to 2009, who had undergone PMRT, were reviewed and stratified by treatment with (n = 2686 [57%]) or without (n = 2061 [43%]) a CWB. Various patient demographic and biologic factors were analyzed using univariate and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: Receipt of a CWB was associated with race/ethnicity (P < .001), SES (P < .001), tumor size (P = .038), tumor grade (P = .033), human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2) status (P = .015), American Joint Committee on Cancer stage (P = .001), number of nodes examined (P = .001), and number of positive nodes (P = .037) on univariate analysis. After controlling for confounding factors, race/ethnicity and SES remained independently predictive of a CWB. Hispanic women were more likely to receive a CWB than Asian (hazard ratio [HR], 0.74; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.60-0.90), black (HR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.48-0.83), or white (HR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.69-0.95) women. Also, women of low SES were more likely to receive a CWB than women of high SES (HR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.64-0.86). CONCLUSION: We found that poor and Hispanic women were more commonly treated with a CWB than were more affluent and non-Hispanic women with a similar cancer stage, cancer biology, and treatment paradigm.
BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that women with breast cancer diagnosed during pregnancy (PrBC) and within 2 years of delivery (PPBC) have similar survival compared to women diagnosed not near pregnancy if adjusted for stage and subtype. To investigate whether this is true for all subtypes and for both pregnancy and post-delivery periods, we examined clinicopathologic features and survival in women with breast cancer by trimesters and 6-month post-delivery intervals. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Women diagnosed with invasive breast cancer during 1992-2018 at ages 18-44 years were identified in the Swedish Cancer Register, with information on childbirths from the Swedish Multi-Generation Register and clinical data from Breast Cancer Quality Registers. Each woman with PrBC or PPBC was matched 1 : 2 by age and year to comparators diagnosed with breast cancer not near pregnancy. Distributions of stage, grade, and surrogate subtypes were compared. Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for breast cancer mortality were estimated using Cox regression. RESULTS: We identified 1430 women with PrBC and PPBC (181 during pregnancy, 499 during the first and 750 during the second year after delivery). Compared to 2860 comparators, women with PrBC and PPBC in the first year after delivery had a significantly higher proportion of luminal human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive, HER2-positive and triple-negative tumours, and more advanced stage at diagnosis. After adjustment for age, year, parity, country of birth, hospital region, subtype, and stage, women diagnosed during the second trimester had a worse prognosis than matched comparators (HR 1.8, 95% CI: 1.0-3.2). CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed during pregnancy or within the first year after delivery have a worse prognosis than women diagnosed not near pregnancy due to adverse tumour biology and advanced stage at diagnosis. A worse prognosis for women diagnosed during the second trimester remained after multivariable adjustment, possibly reflecting difficulties to provide optimal treatment during ongoing pregnancy.
In this study, we compared the effects of SKI-606 with Iressa, Src/Abl and EGF-R kinase inhibitors, respectively, on selected parameters in HeLa and SiHa cervical cancer cell lines, which express E6/E7 oncoproteins of high-risk HPV types 18 and 16, respectively. Our results show that SKI-606 and Iressa inhibit cell proliferation and provoke G(0)-G(1) cell cycle arrest and reduction of S and G(2)-M phase using 2 and 5 muM concentrations of these inhibitors. In contrast, SKI-606 induces differentiation to an epithelial phenotype "mesenchymal-epithelial transition"; thus SKI-606 causes a dramatic decrease in cell motility and invasion abilities of HeLa and SiHa cancer cells, in comparison to untreated cells and Iressa-treated cells in which these parameters are only slightly affected. These changes are accompanied by a regulation of the expression patterns of E-cadherin and catenins. The molecular pathway analysis of Src/Abl inhibitor revealed that SKI-606 blocks the phosphorylation of beta-catenin and consequently converts its role from a transcriptional regulator to a cell-cell adhesion molecule. Our findings indicate that SKI-606 inhibits signaling pathways involved in regulating tumor cell migration and invasion genes via beta-catenin alteration, suggesting that Src inhibitor, in comparison to EGF-R, is a promising therapeutic agent for human cervical cancer.
Accurate measurement of Human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2) gene expression is central for breast or stomach cancer therapy orientation and prognosis. The current standards testing methods for HER2 expression are immunohistochemistry (IHC) and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). In the current study, we explored the use of quantitative real time reverse transcription-PCR (RT-qPCR) as a potential method for the accurate relative quantification of the HER2 gene using formalin fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) breast cancer biopsy samples. The main aim of the current study is to measure the level of concordance of RT-qPCR based quantification of HER2 overexpression with both IHC and FISH. Accordingly, an endogenous control gene (ECG) is required for this relative quantification and should ideally be expressed equivalently across tested samples. Stably expressed ECGs have been selected from a panel of seven genes using GenEx V6 software which is based on geNorm and NormFinder and statistical methods. Quantification of HER2 gene expression was performed by our RT-qPCR-based test and compared to the results obtained by both IHC and FISH methods. HER2 gene quantification using RT-qPCR test was normalized using the two ECGs (RPL30 and RPL37A) that were successfully identified and selected from a panel of seven genes as the most stable and reliable ECGs. We evaluated a total of 216 FFPE tissue samples from breast cancer patients. The results obtained with RT-qPCR in the current study were compared to both IHC and FISH data collected for the same patients. In addition to an internal evaluation, an external evaluation of this assay was also performed in a recognized pathology center in Europe (Clinic Barcelona Hospital Universitari, Spain) using 116 FFPE breast cancer tissue samples. The results demonstrated a high concordance between RT-qPCR and either IHC (98%) or FISH (72%) methods. Accordantly, the overall concordance was 85%. To our knowledge, this is the first study using the specific combination of RPL30 and RPL37 as reference genes for an accurate HER2 gene quantification in FFPE biopsy samples. Although further clinical validation regarding evolution and therapeutic response using RT-qPCR for the quantification of HER2 expression are still needed, the present study constitutes definitely a factual element that the RT-qPCR based assay may constitute a valid complementary test to accurately measure HER2 expression for a better treatment orientation.
We conducted a phase I trial to determine the feasible dose for lapatinib, a dual HER2/EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor, with paclitaxel and gemcitabine as a neoadjuvant treatment in HER2 positive patients. In this phase I dose-escalation study, cohorts of 3-6 HER2-positive operable breast cancer patients received lapatinib (1,000 mg/day or 1,250 mg/day PO) with paclitaxel (80 mg/m(2)) and gemcitabine (1,000 or 1,200 mg/m(2)) on days 1 and 8 every 21 days to determine the tolerable dosages. Among 13 patients enrolled, 12 (stage III; n = 11: stage II; n = 1) completed treatment and one withdrew consent. The recommended doses were 1000-mg/day lapatinib, 80-mg/m(2) paclitaxel, and 1,000-mg/m(2) gemcitabine. One patient developed dose-limiting grade 3 hepatotoxicity; 3 experienced dose-limiting grade 4 neutropenia. No notable decline in left ventricle ejection fraction occurred. Eight patients achieved clinical partial response and four achieved clinical complete response (CR). Three patients (25%) achieved both tumor and nodal pathologic CR, 5 (42%) achieved tumor pathologic CR, and 6 (50%) underwent breast-conserving surgery. No relationship between lapatinib dose intensity and tumor response was apparent. Median follow-up was 16.2 (range, 6.5-20.7) months. Lapatinib plus paclitaxel and gemcitabine was tolerable with no overlapping toxicity.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Our retrospective, single-center study aimed at evaluating the efficacy and safety of eribulin in heavily pretreated metastatic breast cancer (MBC) in routine clinical practice. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Twenty-eight patients treated with eribulin for MBC between May 2014 and November 2017 were included in our study. Clinical and biological assessment of toxicity was controlled at each visit. Tumor response was evaluated every three cycles of treatment. RESULTS: Median age at eribulin treatment was 52.5-year. Tumors were hormone receptor positive (71.4%), HER2-positive (10.7%), and triple negative (TN) (25%). Most of the patients (92.8%) presented with visceral metastases, mainly in the lymph nodes (57.1%) and liver (53.6%). Median previous metastatic chemotherapy line was 4 [1-7]. Median number of metastatic sites were 3 (1-4). Median number of eribulin cycles was 4. At the end of follow-up period, 36% of the patients were still alive. Eighteen patients died due to disease progression. The objective response rate was 21.5% with a 42.9% clinical benefit rate. Median progression-free survival and overall survival (OS) were 4 (95% CI: 2.7-5.2) and 14 (95% CI: 11.8-16.1) months, respectively. Treatment was well tolerated. None of the patients discontinued eribulin treatment due to toxicity. The most commonly reported toxicities were asthenia (71.4%), peripheral neuropathy (67.9%), and neutropenia (46.4%). CONCLUSION: Eribulin is an effective new treatment option in heavily pretreated MBC, with a manageable toxicity profile. Our results confirm that treatment with eribulin is feasible and safe in real-world patients.
Natural killer (NK) cells are at the crossroad between innate and adaptive immunity and play a major role in cancer immunosurveillance. NK cell stimulation depends on a balance between inhibitory and activating receptors, such as the stimulatory lectin-like receptor NKG2D. To redirect NK cells against tumor cells, we designed bifunctional proteins able to specifically bind tumor cells and to induce their lysis by NK cells, after NKG2D engagement. To this aim, we used the 'knob into hole' heterodimerization strategy, in which 'knob' and 'hole' variants were generated by directed mutagenesis within the CH3 domain of human IgG1 Fc fragments fused to an anti-CEA or anti-HER2 scFv or to the H60 murine ligand of NKG2D, respectively. We demonstrated the capacity of the bifunctional proteins produced to specifically coat tumor cells surface with H60 ligand. Most importantly, we demonstrated that these bifunctional proteins were able to induce an NKG2D-dependent and antibody-specific tumor cell lysis by murine NK cells. Overall, the results show the possibility to redirect NK cytotoxicity to tumor cells by a new format of recombinant bispecific antibody, opening the way of potential NK cell-based cancer immunotherapies by specific activation of the NKG2D receptor at the tumor site.
OBJECTIVE: The role of HMG-CoA reductase (HMGCR) in relation to prognostic and treatment predictive information of HER2 positive breast cancer has been newly explored. In this study, we aimed to determine the expression of HMGCR in HER2 immunohistochemistry (IHC) scores of 2+ and 3+ breast cancer and to correlate with the patients' outcomes. METHODOLOGY: Using a cross-sectional design, invasive breast carcinoma of no special type (NST) and HER2 IHC scores of 2+ and 3+ cases were selected over a 50-month period in Hospital Sultanah Bahiyah (HSB), Alor Setar. IHC staining for HMGCR was performed on paraffin-embedded tissues at the Pathology Laboratory, Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia (HUSM), Kubang Kerian using the standard staining procedure. The results were correlated with the patient's demographic and clinicopathological data. RESULTS: A total of 59 cases of HER2 IHC 2+ and 3+ invasive breast carcinoma were identified. The cases were predominant in young Malay women with tumours smaller than 50mm, higher grade and positive for lymphovascular invasion, axillary lymph nodes involvement and ER/PR expressions. HMGCR was positively expressed in HER2 IHC 2+ and 3+ breast cancer cases, which the staining intensities varied from weak, moderate to strong. Majority of the cases were scored 1+ for HMGCR expression. A low-positive HMGCR was more likely to be associated with less favourable outcomes of patients with HER2 IHC 2+ and 3+. However, the associations were statistically not significant. CONCLUSION: A study in a larger cohort of tumour samples is needed to further validate HMGCR expression as a potential prognostic biomarker for HER2 positive breast cancer. It is also suggested that all the HER2 IHC 2+ and 3+ cases need to be gene amplified using FISH analysis.  <br />.
In the recent century, Kidney cancer has emerged as one of the critical renal diseases. Therefore, we analyzed gene expression profiles of non-metastatic kidney cancer to find mechanisms associated with the early-stage pathogenesis of the disease. We concentrated on the most dysregulated genes in expression to discover possible unknown proliferative molecular mechanisms and oncogenic pathways promoting kidney renal cancer growth. Survival analysis, expression profiling, and gene set over-representation analysis were conducted on the most upregulated and most down-regulated genes alongside the hub genes. Our results demonstrated that pathways engaged in the metabolism of amino acids and carbohydrates and those involved in peroxisome organization were shown to be important in developing benign tumors. Furthermore, upregulation of genes such as CXCL9 and 10 genes and CXCR4 in chemokine response pathways would bolster differentiation and engagement of immune cells in the tumor microenvironment. C3, one of the essential members of the complement system, with a high degree and betweenness centrality in the PPI network, upregulated significantly not only in our analysis but also in the validation expression profiling results and survival analysis. We also identified genes such as TYROBP, ITGB2, and EGFR to be engaged in both immunological pathways and superoxide pathways. Furthermore, we found that downregulation of Aldolase B engaged in Glycolysis and Gluconeogenesis pathways would help develop benign tumors. Finally, many top hub genes, including TYMS, PTPRC, AURKA, FN1, UBE2C, and CD53 were proposed to be engaged in the progression of non-metastatic renal tumors. This holistic interrogation calls attention to investigate further and experimentally validate the proposed molecular mechanisms.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-low breast cancer is defined as breast cancer with an immunohistochemistry (IHC) score of 1+ or 2+ and in situ hybridisation (ISH)-negative. The traditional HER2 classification (negative or positive) has limitations, with only 15%-20% of the breast cancer population being positive and suitable for HER2-targeted therapy. The new clinical study, DESTINY-Breast04, shows that trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd) has a significant effect on advanced HER2-low breast cancers, a classification that accounts for approximately half of the advanced breast cancer population. However, the detection methods and evaluation criteria for HER2-low breast cancer have not yet been standardised, and the toxicity and resistance mechanisms associated with T-DXd therapy are still unclear. This article focuses on these issues and describes the progress and challenges of T-DXd-related therapy in the treatment of advanced breast cancer patients with low HER2 expression.
Lung cancer is the most frequently diagnosed type of cancer worldwide, according to GLOBOCAN 2022 statistics. Key genetic alterations involve driver gene mutations that significantly enhance cancer aggressiveness. These include several EGFR mutations, ALK rearrangements, ROS1 rearrangements, RET translocations, MET alterations, NTRK fusions, BRAF mutations and KRAS mutations, such as the KRAS G12C mutation. Naturally, each of these is part of a larger signaling pathway that becomes dysregulated via genetic alterations. We highlight the transduction of EGFR: HER2 via RAS-RAF-MEK-MAPK pathway, PI3K-PTEN-AKT pathway and STAT pathway, of the ALK via PI3K/AKT, MAPK/ERK and JAK/STAT and of KRAS via effectors of the MAPK pathway and of the PI3K pathway. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) interfere at various levels with these pathways, either with pro-oncogenic effects or tumor suppressive effects. For instance, miR-33a is a tumor suppressive miRNA with a role in EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) resistance, miR-200c regulates the ALK pathway, and miR-22-3p regulates the MET pathway. The present paper also serves as an integrative work, highlighting the main cancer progression processes regulated by miRNAs, following these mutations. Specifically, we highlight the modulatory roles of miRNA in cancer cell survival and proliferation (miR-28, miR-30b/c), invasion and metastasis (miR-218, miR-182), neoangiogenesis (miR-29c), metabolic reprogramming (miR-124), and therapy resistance (miR-378, miR-328, miR-1244). The broad implications of miRNAs in lung cancer underline their potential real-world utility, as these entities can function as biomarkers for prognosis/diagnosis and even future therapeutic targets or agents.
Inhibitors of the poly(adenosine triphosphate-ribose) polymerase (PARP)-1 enzyme induce synthetic lethality in cancers with ineffective DNA (DNA) repair or homologous repair deficiency, and have shown promising clinical activity in cancers deficient in DNA repair due to germ-line mutation in BRCA1 and BRCA2. The majority of breast cancers arising in carriers of BRCA1 germ-line mutations, as well as half of those in BRCA2 carriers, are classified as triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). TNBC is a biologically heterogeneous group of breast cancers characterized by the lack of immunohistochemical expression of the ER, PR, or HER2 proteins, and for which the current standard of care in systemic therapy is cytotoxic chemotherapy. Many "sporadic" cases of TNBC appear to have indicators of DNA repair dysfunction similar to those in BRCA-mutation carriers, suggesting the possible utility of PARP inhibitors in a subset of TNBC. Significant genetic heterogeneity has been observed within the TNBC cohort, creating challenges for interpretation of prior clinical trial data, and for the design of future clinical trials. Several PARP inhibitors are currently in clinical development in BRCA-mutated breast cancer. The use of PARP inhibitors in TNBC without BRCA mutation will require biomarkers that identify cancers with homologous repair deficiency in order to select patients likely to respond. Beyond mutations in the BRCA genes, dysfunction in other genes that interact with the homologous repair pathway may offer opportunities to induce synthetic lethality when combined with PARP inhibition.
The transcriptional regulation of the human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) contributes to an enhanced HER2 expression in HER2-positive breast cancers with HER2 gene amplification and HER2-low or HER2-negative breast cancers following radiotherapy or endocrine therapy, and this drives tumorigenesis and the resistance to therapy. Epigenetic mechanisms are critical for transcription regulation, however, such mechanisms in the transcription regulation of HER2 are limited to the involvement of tri-methylated histone 3 lysine 4 (H3K4me3) and acetylated histone 3 lysine 9 (H3K9ac) at the HER2 promoter region. Here, we report the identification of a novel enhancer in the HER2 3' gene body, which we have termed HER2 gene body enhancer (HGE). The HGE starts from the 3' end of intron 19 and extends into intron 22, possesses enhancer histone modification marks in specific cells and enhances the transcriptional activity of the HER2 promoters. We also found that TFAP2C, a known regulator of HER2, binds to HGE and is required for its enhancer function and that DNA methylation in the HGE region inhibits the histone modifications characterizing enhancer and is inversely correlated with HER2 expression in breast cancer samples. The identification of this novel enhancer sheds a light on the roles of epigenetic mechanisms in HER2 transcription, in both HER2-positive breast cancer samples and individuals with HER2-low or HER2-negative breast cancers undergoing radiotherapy or endocrine therapy.
BACKGROUND: The new "prognostic stage" in the 8th edition of the American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) incorporated important biologic factors such as estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2), histologic grade and TNM stage into one system. The objective of this study was to evaluate the "prognostic stage" in locally advanced breast cancer (LABC) based on the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) 18 database. METHODS: 10053 LABCs diagnosed between 2010 and 2013 were enrolled. TNM stage was based on AJCC 7th edition. Comparisons of biologic factor proportions among stage changes were performed using Pearson's chi-square test. Breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS) and overall survival (OS) were estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method and log rank testing with pairwise comparisons between different stages was conducted. Cox models were fitted to assess the independent prognostic factors. RESULTS: The prognostic stage grouped LABC into six stages: IB-IIIC among which IB-IIIA had a relatively better survival. It reassigned 74% LABCs to a different tumor stage. 60.4% cases in grade III and 68.3% cases with triple negative breast cancer were upstaged while 57.1% cases with ER/PR dual positivity were down staged. It was an independent prognostic factor of LABC. There were statistically significant survival differences among stage IB-IIIA, IIIB and IIIC. Among each TNM stage, there were statistically significant survival differences among stage changes. CONCLUSIONS: The prognostic stage provided accurate prognostic information for LABC compared with anatomic TNM stage. It will lead to accuracy in prognosis prediction and optimal treatment selection, and therefore, better outcomes.
The clinical success of trastuzumab in breast cancer taught us that appropriate tumor evaluation is mandatory for the correct identification of patients eligible for targeted therapies. Although HER2 protein expression by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and gene amplification by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) assays are routinely used to select patients to receive trastuzumab, both assays only partially predict response to the drug. In the case of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), the link between the presence of the receptor or its amplification and response to anti-EGFR therapies could not be demonstrated. Even less is known for HER3 and HER4, mainly due to lack of robust and validated assays detecting these proteins. It is becoming evident that, besides FISH and IHC, we need better assays to quantify HER receptors and categorize the patients for individualized treatments. Here, we present the current available methodologies to measure HER family receptors and discuss the clinical implications of target quantification.
Treatment of patients with EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) using mutation-selective third generation EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) such as osimertinib has achieved remarkable success. However, the emergence of acquired resistance is an inevitable challenge that limits the long-term remission of patients. Thus, it is critical to manage acquired resistance to osimertinib to maximize its therapeutic efficacy for long-term therapeutic benefit. To this end, taking an early intervention to delay or even prevent the emergence of acquired resistance to osimertinib offers an effective strategy. The current study suggests an effective strategy to do so through directly targeting the intrinsic apoptotic pathway via Mcl-1 inhibition. Several EGFR-mutant NSCLC cell lines with primary resistance to osimertinib possessed elevated levels of Mcl-1, which were no longer reduced by osimertinib. The combination of osimertinib with an Mcl-1 inhibitor (e.g., S63845 or APG3526) synergistically decreased the survival of these resistant cell lines with enhanced induction of apoptosis including augmentation of mitochondrial cytochrome C and Smac release. This combination effectively eliminated senescence-like drug-tolerant persister cells, which had elevated Mcl-1 levels, and abrogated emergence of acquired resistance to osimertinib as demonstrated using both in vitro cell culture and in vivo animal models. Collectively, these results convincingly demonstrate a novel and effective strategy for delaying the emergence of acquired resistance to osimertinib by targeting activation of the intrinsic apoptotic pathway through Mcl-1 inhibition, warranting further clinical validation of this strategy.
BACKGROUND: Brain metastases (BM) are a feared progression of breast cancer (BC) with impact on quality of life and survival. Despite improved treatments, it is believed patients suffering from BM are increasing. AIMS: To study potential changes in the number of BM, the possible links between BC subgroup and extent of BM with prognosis. To investigate the interval between primary BC/extra cranial recurrence, and diagnosis of BM in the years 1994-2014. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Clinical data from 191 patients with BM diagnosed 1994-2014, was retrieved from charts. Primary tumours where re-evaluated histologically. RESULTS: There was an increase of BM in 5 years cohorts (1994-99 (n = 9); 2000-04 (n = 36); 2005-09 (n = 60); 2010-14 (n = 86)). We found no difference in the time interval from primary BC to BM but an insignificant increase in time from extra cranial relapse to development of BM in the time periods 1994-2004 and 2005-2014 of 15.5 and 25.0 months (p = 0.0612). Survival after BM was 7 months (95% CI 6-10) with a statistically significant difference between HER2 positive and TNBC with an inferior outcome for the latter (p = 0.018) whilst no differences were present when Luminal BC were compared with HER2 positive BC (p = 0.073). CONCLUSIONS: We show an increase of BM over time whilst the time span from primary BC to BM is unchanged supports earlier findings that adjuvant treatments have little preventive function. Time from extra cranial recurrence to BM was prolonged with one year. Patients with TNBC or more advance extent of BM had the shortest survival with BM.
In developing countries, breast cancer is diagnosed at a much younger age. In this study we investigate the dichotomies between older and young breast cancer patients in our region. The study involved two cohorts; older patients (>/= 65 years, n = 553) and younger ones (</= 40 years, n = 417). Statistical models were used to investigate the associations between age groups, clinical characteristics and treatment outcomes. Compared to younger patients, older patients were more likely to present with advanced-stage disease (20.6% vs. 15.1%, p = .028). However, among those with non-metastatic disease, younger patients tended to have more aggressive pathological features, including positive axillary lymph nodes (73.2% vs. 55.6%, p < .001), T-3/4 (28.2% vs. 13.8%, p < .001) and HER2-positive disease (29.3% vs. 16.3%, p < .001). The 5-year overall survival (OS) rate was significantly better for the younger (72.1%) compared to the older (67.6%), p = .035. However, no significant difference was observed in disease-free survival (DFS) between the two groups.In conclusion, younger patients with breast cancer present with worse clinical and pathological features, albeit a better OS rate. The difference in DFS between the two groups was not insignificant, suggesting that older women were more likely to die from non-cancer related causes.
INTRODUCTION: EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) have greatly improved the prognosis of lung adenocarcinoma. However, approximately 5% to 10% of patients with lung adenocarcinoma with EGFR sensitive mutations have primary resistance to EGFR TKI treatment. The underlying mechanism is unknown. METHODS: This study used next-generation sequencing to explore the mechanisms of primary resistance by analyzing 11 patients with primary resistance and 11 patients sensitive to EGFR TKIs. Next-generation targeted sequencing was performed on the Illumina X platform for 483 cancer-related genes. EGFR mutation was initially detected using the amplification refractory mutation system. RESULTS: Potential primary resistance mechanisms were revealed by mutations unique to the EGFR TKI resistance group. Among the 11 resistant patients, 45% (five of 11) harbored a known resistance mechanism, such as MNNG HOS Transforming gene (MET) amplification de novo T790M mutation or overlapping T790M and phosphatase and tensin homolog gene (PTEN) loss and erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2 gene (ERBB2) amplification. In six of 11 resistant cases (54%), potential novel mutations that might lead to drug resistance were identified (including transforming growth factor beta receptor 1 gene [TGFBR1] mutation and/or EGFR structural rearrangement mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase gene [MTOR] mutation, transmembrane protease, serine 2 gene [TMPRSS2] fusion gene, and v-myc avian myelocytomatosis viral oncogene homolog gene [MYC] amplification). By analyzing somatic mutation patterns, the frequency of C:G-->T:A transitions in the patients with primary resistance was significantly higher than that in sensitive group and occurred more frequently in the non-CpG region (Cp(A/C/T)-->T). CONCLUSION: The mechanisms of primary resistance to EGFR TKIs may be highly heterogeneous. Mutations in EGFR and its downstream pathway, as well as mutations that affect tumor cell function, are related to primary resistance. Somatic single-nucleotide mutation patterns might be associated with primary resistance to EGFR TKIs.
Resistance to anticancer drugs is a problem in the treatment of pancreatic ductal carcinoma (PDAC) and overcoming it is an important issue. Recently, it has been reported that statins induce apoptosis in cancer cells but the mechanism has not been completely elucidated. We investigated the antitumor mechanisms of statins against PDAC and their impact on resistance to gemcitabine (GEM). Lovastatin (LOVA) increased mitochondrial oxidative stress in PDAC cells, leading to apoptosis. LOVA reduced lipid rafts in the plasma membrane and mitochondria, suppressed the activation of epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR) and AKT in plasma membrane rafts, and reduced B-cell lymphoma 2 (BCL2)-Bcl-2-associated X protein (BAX) binding and the translocation of F1F0 ATPase in mitochondrial rafts. In the three GEM-resistant cell lines derived from MIA and PANC1, the lipid rafts in the cell membrane and the mitochondria were increased to activate EGFR and AKT and to increase BCL2-BAX binding, which suppressed apoptosis. LOVA abrogated these anti-apoptotic effects by reducing the rafts in the resistant cells. By treating the resistant cells with LOVA, GEM sensitivity improved to the level of the parental cells. Therefore, cholesterol rafts contribute to drug resistance in PDAC. Further clinical research is warranted on overcoming anticancer drug resistance by statin-mediated intracellular cholesterol regulation.
Progression to advanced stage metastatic disease, resistance to endocrine therapies, and failure of drug combinations remain major barriers in the breast cancer therapy. Tumor microenvironments play an important role in progression from non-invasive to invasive disease as well as in response to therapies. Development of physiologically relevant, three-dimensional (3D) controlled microenvironments that can reliably recapitulate tumor progression from the early non-invasive to advanced metastatic stage will contribute to our understanding of disease biology and serve as a tool for screening of drug regimens targeting different disease stages. We have recently engineered physicochemical microenvironments by precisely controlling the size of 3D microtumors of non-invasive T47D breast cancer cells. We hypothesized that the precise control over physiochemical microenvironments will generate unique molecular signatures in size-controlled microtumors (small 150 mum vs large 600 mum) leading to differential phenotypic features and drug responses. The results indicated that large (600 mum) T47D microtumors exhibited traits of clinically advanced tumors such as hypoxia, reactive oxygen species, mesenchymal marker upregulation and collective cell migration unlike non-hypoxic, non-migratory small microtumors (150 mum). Interestingly, large microtumors also lost estrogen receptor alpha (ER-alpha) protein, consequently showing resistance to 4-hydroxytamoxifen (4-OHT). On the other hand, large microtumors showed upregulation of pro-angiogenic marker, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and hence were more responsive than small microtumors to the growth inhibition by anti-VEGF antibody. Surprisingly, both small and large microtumors exhibited comparable levels of phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor (pEGFR) and downstream signaling molecules such as AKT. As a consequence, both small and large microtumors showed comparable growth inhibition in response to gefitinib (inhibitor preferentially targeting EGFR) independent of microtumor size. Thus, precise control over the microenvironmental factors successfully recapitulated molecular characteristics underlying early vs advanced stage disease using the same non-invasive T47D cells. Such unique molecular signatures further resulted in differential response of small and large microtumors to anti-estrogen, and anti-VEGF treatments with comparable response to the EGFR-targeted therapies, underlining the importance of such stage-specific disease progression models in cancer drug discovery.
Background: Breast cancer (BC) is the most diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death among women in Puerto Rico (PR). Inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) is considered the most aggressive BC subtype. This study characterized the IBC population of Hispanic women living in Puerto Rico and aimed to estimate the IBC survival rate using data from the Puerto Rico Central Cancer Registry (PRCCR). Methods: This is a retrospective, population-based study using the PRCCR database and the Health Insurance Linkage Database (PRCCR-HILD). We analyzed data from patients that were diagnosed with IBC from January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2018. Patients were identified using the International Classification of Diseases for Oncology, 3rd edition (ICD-O-3) site codes C50.0-C50.9 and histology code 8530. Variables such as age at diagnosis, marital status, health insurance, geographic area of residence, staging variables, tumor receptor subtypes, treatment received, and overall survival (OS) were studied. Statistical analysis methods were employed to describe the population, estimate survival curves and examine the risk of dying. Results: The data of 51 patients were included. The mean age at diagnosis of IBC in the current study was 59 years old. A total of 62.8% of patients had no metastases at diagnosis and 64.7% were diagnosed with stage III disease. Most tumors presented with ER+/PR+/Her2- (21.6%), or a triple negative (ER-/PR-/Her2-, 15.7%) tumor concordance. The OS during the first year was 66% (90% CI: 0.54-0.76), whereas 36 months post-diagnosis was at a low 39% (90% CI: 0.27-0.59). The triple-negative subtype had the worst survival at 36 months (36% [90% CI: 0.11-0.62]). This study revealed through Cox regression analysis that women with stage IV disease and those with ER-/PR- tumor subtype have a higher risk of dying (HR 4.99; [90% CI: 2.30-10.83] and HR 4.74; [90% CI: 1.88-11.95]), respectively. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the Puerto Rican IBC patient population presents unique characteristics. This is the first research to describe the patient profile and characteristics of women diagnosed with IBC in PR. This research increases awareness about this lethal disease in PR.
BACKGROUND: This study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of different treatment modalities for previously untreated advanced EGFR-mutated non-squamous non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: This retrospective study included 196 advanced EGFR-mutated non-squamous NSCLC. 107 received EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) monotherapy (T), 53 received EGFR-TKI + bevacizumab (T + A), and 36 received EGFR-TKI + bevacizumab + chemotherapy (T + A + C). The endpoints included progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), objective response rate (ORR) and adverse events (AEs). RESULTS: The median PFS was 27 months in the T + A + C group, 17 months in the T + A group, and 10 months in the T group. The multivariate analysis showed lower disease progression in the T + A + C group (HR, 0.377; 95% CI, 0.224-0.634; p < .001). Subgroup analysis showed that the T + A + C group did significantly improve PFS in patients with metastatic organs >/=2, brain metastases, liver metastases, and EGFR 19del compared to T + A group. No significant improvement in OS in the T + A + C group versus the T + A group, but a significant benefit in the subgroup of patients with metastatic organs >/=2. We also performed a subgroup analysis of the T + A + C group versus the T group, which similarly showed that the T + A + C group had better PFS than the T group in most subgroups, and the T + A + C group significantly improved OS in patients with metastatic organ >/=2 and liver metastases compared with the T group. The ORR was significantly higher in the T + A + C group than A + T and T groups (83.3% vs 71.7% vs 60.7%, p = .033). In safety, the T + A + C group had a higher incidence of AEs, but the majority was grade 1-2. The most frequent AEs of grade >/= 3 were leukopenia (8.3%) and increased aminotransferase (8.3%) in the T + A + C group. CONCLUSIONS: First-generation EGFR-TKI plus bevacizumab plus chemotherapy was a promising strategy for advanced EGFR-mutated non-squamous NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: Although a recent randomized clinical trial has demonstrated that the objective response rate to nivolumab for metastatic gastric cancer was 11.2%, there was no patients confirmed complete response. Herein, we report on a case of liver metastasis arising from early gastric cancer in which a complete clinical response was achieved to nivolumab as third-line therapy. CASE PRESENTATION: A 77-year-old man was referred to Kochi Medical School Hospital for the treatment of liver metastases from gastric cancer. The patient had undergone laparoscopic total gastrectomy with regional lymph node dissection 30 months prior for early gastric cancer, with a final diagnosis of T1N0M0, stage IA. The patient developed solitary splenic metastasis measuring 42 mm 28 months later and underwent splenectomy because there was no evidence of further metastatic lesions in any other organ. The patient was treated with S-1 plus oxaliplatin based on negative immunohistochemical staining of the resected specimens for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). Four months after the splenectomy, the patient developed multiple liver metastases and was treated with ramucirumab plus paclitaxel. Because of disease progression, the patient was administered 3 mg/kg, i.v., nivolumab every 2 weeks. After 4 cycles of systemic treatment using nivolumab, abdominal computed tomography revealed marked shrinkage of the liver metastases. After 12 cycles of nivolumab, the liver metastases had disappeared completely. The patient did not develop any adverse reactions, including immune-reactive adverse events, during treatment. The patient continues to receive nivolumab, and there is no evidence of disease recurrence in the 8-month period since starting nivolumab. CONCLUSIONS: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case report in the English literature of a gastric cancer patient achieving a complete clinical response to nivolumab, and highlights the potential for successful treatment of metastatic gastric cancer using nivolumab.
The sequencing of the human genome has already had an enormous impact on medicine, particularly with single-gene changes that predispose to a serious disease such as cystic fibrosis or the overexpression of Her2 in about one-third of breast cancers. Genetic technology has led to some very important therapeutic innovations, including the use of imatinib mesylate (Gleevec) in BCR-ABL chronic myeloid leukemia and of trastuzumab (Herceptin) in Her2-positive breast cancer, but the much anticipated explosion of new effective treatments has been more modest than expected.
BACKGROUND: Preclinical models have reported a synergistic interaction between sorafenib and vinorelbine. We investigated the toxicity, efficacy, and pharmacokinetics interaction of this combination as first-line treatment for patients with metastatic breast cancer. METHODS: Patients were HER2-negative and treated with vinorelbine 30 mg/m2 IV days 1,8 every 21 plus daily oral sorafenib. In the phase I portion (3+3 design) patients received sorafenib 200 mg BID (cohort 1) or 400 mg BID (cohort 2). In the phase II expansion, 21 more evaluable patients were planned to receive the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). Pharmacokinetic analysis was performed in 6 patients: blood concentrations were compared for each drug in the presence or absence of the other drug. RESULTS: In cohort 1, one patient experienced a dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) (grade 3 pancreatitis), requiring the expansion of this cohort to 6 patients, without further documented DLTs. In cohort 2, one patient of six experienced a grade 4 DLT (asymptomatic rise in amylase not requiring drug discontinuation), establishing this dose level as the MTD (sorafenib 400 mg BID). After expansion at the MTD, a total of 27 patients (median age 57) were treated for a median of 8 cycles. One grade 5 febrile neutropenia occurred. With repeated cycles, 52% of patients required at least 1 dose reduction of either drug. One patient experienced a sustained grade 3 fatigue resulting in treatment discontinuation. The response rate was 30%. Median PFS was 5.7 months (95% CI 4.4-7.6), and clinical benefit (absence of disease progression at 6 months) was 48%. PK analysis showed a significant interaction between the two drugs, resulting in a higher Cmax of vinorelbine in the presence of sorafenib. CONCLUSION: The combination of sorafenib and vinorelbine at full doses is feasible but not devoid of toxicity, likely also due to a significant PK interaction. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00764972.
BACKGROUND: Overexpression of signaling proteins including epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Akt, mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) occurs in cholangiocarcinoma cell lines. However, the prognostic value of these markers is unknown. No prior study correlated the expression of these signaling proteins with clinical outcome. Further, co-expression of these proteins has not been reported. Co-expression may reflect cross-talk between signaling pathways. The aim of this clinicopathological study was to investigate the overexpression and co-expression of EGFR and related signaling proteins in cholangiocarcinoma and explore their relationship to clinical outcome. METHODS: Twenty-four consecutive cases of cholangiocarcinoma treated from 1996 to 2002 at Roswell Park Cancer Institute were included. Immunohistochemical staining of paraffin-embedded tissue sections was performed using antibodies against Akt, p-Akt, MAPK, p-MAPK, COX-2, EGFR and p-EGFR. Two pathologists independently scored the protein expression. RESULTS: Cyclooxygenase-2, Akt, and p-MAPK were commonly expressed in biliary cancers (100%, 96% and 87% of malignant cells, respectively). EGFR (60%) and p-EGFR (22%) overexpression was also detected. There was a significant association between EGFR and p-EGFR (P = 0.027) and between Akt and p-Akt (P = 0.017) expression in tumor tissue. A noteworthy association was shown between MAPK and p-Akt (P = 0.054). Multivariate analysis using the Cox proportional hazard model identified the use of chemotherapy (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.039, P = 0.0002), radiation (HR = 0.176, P = 0.0441) and Akt expression (HR = 0.139, P = 0.006) as the best predictors of overall prognosis. CONCLUSION: Epidermal growth factor receptor signaling intermediates are commonly expressed in cholangiocarcinoma. Expression of Akt and use of systemic chemotherapy or radiation may correlate with improved survival.
Immunotherapy of cancer can lead to the selection of antigen loss variants, which provides strong rationale to target oncogenes that are essential for tumor growth or viability. To investigate this concept, we tagged the HER2/neu oncogene with epitopes from ovalbumin to confer recognition by T-cell receptor transgenic CD8(+) (OT-I) and CD4(+) (OT-II) T cells. Transgenic mice expressing neu(OT-I/OT-II) developed mammary adenocarcinomas at 6 to 10 months of age. Adoptively transferred naive OT-I cells (with or without OT-II cells) proliferated vigorously on encountering neu(OT-I/OT-II)-expressing tumors. This was followed by the complete regression of 37% of tumors, whereas others showed partial/stable responses (40%) or progressive disease (23%). Those tumors undergoing complete regression never recurred. In mice with multiple primary tumors, simultaneous regressions and nonregressions were often seen, indicating that immune evasion occurred at a local rather than systemic level. The majority of nonregressing tumors expressed Neu(OT-I/OT-II) and MHC class I, and many avoided rejection through a profound block to T-cell infiltration. Thus, T cells directed against an essential oncogene can permanently eradicate a subset of spontaneous, established mammary tumors. However, in other tumors, local barriers severely limit the therapeutic response. To maximize the efficacy of immunotherapy against spontaneous cancers, predictive strategies that take into account the heterogeneity of the tumor microenvironment will be required.
Near-infrared photoimmunotherapy (NIR-PIT) is a new cancer treatment that involves photoimmunotherapy drug injection and NIR light exposure. In NIR-PIT, antibodies are commonly used as target-directed molecules carrying IRDye700DX (IR700). However, antibodies have disadvantages, such as high cost, complex development strategies, and poor tumor penetration. In contrast, peptides have lower production costs, can be easy to chemically synthesize and modify, and can also be used for tumor-targeting like antibodies. In this study, we developed a novel PIT drug using a peptide as the target-directed molecule. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was selected as the target, and monovalent and bivalent EGFR-binding peptides were synthesized. The bivalent peptide showed sufficient binding to EGFR-positive cells, and a bivalent peptide-IR700 conjugate with a long linker induced morphological changes in EGFR-positive cells. Additionally, the drug significantly reduced cell viability in vitro in an NIR light-dose- and drug-concentration-dependent manner. These results indicate the feasibility of NIR-PIT in treating cancer using peptide-based drugs.
Advances in genomic and transcriptome sequencing are revealing the massive scale of previously unrecognised alterations occurring during neoplastic transformation. Breast cancers are genetically and phenotypically heterogeneous. Each of the three major subtypes [ERBB2 amplified, estrogen receptor (ESR)-positive and triple-negative] poses diagnostic and therapeutic challenges. Here we show, using high-resolution next-generation transcriptome sequencing, that in all three breast cancer subtypes, but not matched controls, there was significant overexpression of transcripts from intronic and untranslated regions in addition to exons from specific genes, particularly amplified oncogenes and hormone receptors. For key genes ERBB2 and ESR1, we demonstrate that overexpression is linked to the production of highly modified and truncated splice variants in tumours, but not controls, correlated with tumour subtype. Translation of these tumour-specific splice variants generates truncated proteins with altered subcellular locations and functions, modifying the phenotype, affecting tumour biology, and targeted antitumour therapies. In contrast, tumour suppressors TP53, BRCA1/2 and NF1 did not show intronic overexpression or truncated splice variants in cancers. These findings emphasize the detection of intronic as well as exonic changes in the transcriptional landscapes of cancers have profound therapeutic implications.
Background: Evidence of osimertinib as neoadjuvant therapy for resectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are currently lacking. This case series study aimed to assess the safety and feasibility of neoadjuvant osimertinib therapy followed by surgery for resectable NSCLC. Materials and methods: Patients with resectable NSCLC with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation who received osimertinib as neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery at our center were included. Demographic features, radiologic and pathological assessment of response, surgery-related details and complications, toxicity profiles, and prognostic outcomes were extracted. Results: A total of 13 patients were included in this study. The median age at the time of surgical resection was 57 years (interquartile range: 52-64 years), and eight (61.5%) patients were female. The objective response rate (ORR) was 69.2% (9/13), and the complete resection rate was 100%. The rates of pathologic downstaging and lymph node downstaging were 100% (13/13) and 66.7% (6/9), respectively. There were no perioperative deaths and only three (23.1%) patients had postoperative complications. Seven (53.8%) and 13 (100%) patients experienced grade 1 treatment-related adverse reactions and laboratory abnormalities, respectively. No patients experienced drug withdrawal or surgical delays due to the adverse events. No patients showed grade 2 or worse toxicity profiles. One patient was lost to follow-up. The other 12 patients were alive and free of disease recurrence with a median follow-up time of 9.5 months. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant osimertinib therapy seemed to be safe and feasible for resectable EGFR-mutated NSCLC. Future large prospective studies are warranted to confirm whether osimertinib as neoadjuvant therapy outperforms standard tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) or chemotherapy for resectable EGFR-mutated NSCLC.
Molecular genetic analysis of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene (KRAS) mutations in lung adenocarcinoma has become an integral part of lung cancer diagnosis and treatment; however, their prevalence varies with ethnicity. Little is know concerning their prevalence in Arab populations. In the present study, mutational analysis for EGFR and KRAS was performed on two cohorts of the Lebanese population. Lung adenocarcinoma cases (106) underwent mutational analysis for KRAS in exon 2, codon 12 and 13 and exon 3 codon 61 by reverse hybridization using the KRAS 12/13/61 StripAssay(R). Subsequently, cases with no KRAS mutations underwent EGFR mutational analysis using the EGFR RGQ polymerase chain reaction (PCR) kits for realtime PCR on the RotorGene Q 5-plex HRM. KRAS mutations were detected in 37.7% of 106 lung adenocarcinomas; 85% had a G>T substitution in codon 12 and 13 of exon 2, and 8.5% had EGFR mutations with exon 19 deletions (88.9%) and one case with L858R substitution in exon 21. EGFR mutations were significantly correlated with females, non-smokers and well differentiation of the tumor. This is the first study in an Arab population that reports the prevalence of both EGFR and KRAS gene mutations in lung adenocarcinoma using very sensitive mutational analysis techniques. Therefore, EGFR reflex testing should be implemented in the management of lung adenocarcinomas, while KRAS testing must await the identification of effective targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-activating mutations are major determinants in predicting the tumor response to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Noninvasive test for the detection of EGFR mutations is required, especially in NSCLC patients from whom tissue is not available. In this study, we assessed the feasibility of detection of EGFR mutations in free DNA circulating in plasma. METHODS: Plasma samples of 60 patients with partial response to gefitinib were analyzed to detect EGFR-activating mutations in exons 19 and 21. Forty (66.7%) of patients had tumor EGFR mutation results. EGFR mutations in plasma were detected using the peptide nucleic acid (PNA)-mediated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) clamping method. All clinical data and plasma samples were obtained from 11 centers of the Korean Molecular Lung Cancer Group (KMLCG). RESULTS: Of the 60 patients, 39 were female and the median age was 62.5 years. Forty-three patients never smoked, 53 had adenocarcinomas, and seven had other histologic types. EGFR-activating mutation was detected in plasma of 10 cases (exon 19 deletion in seven and exon 21 L858R point mutation in three). It could not be found in plasma after treatment for 2 months. When only patients with confirmed EGFR mutation in tumor were analyzed, 17% (6 of 35) of them showed positive plasma EGFR mutation and the mutation type was completely matched with that in tumor. There was no statistically significant difference in clinical parameters between patients with EGFR mutations in plasma and those without EGFR mutations. CONCLUSIONS: The detection rate of EGFR mutations from plasma was not so high despite highly sensitive EGFR mutation test suggesting that more advances in detection methods and further exploration of characteristics of circulating free DNA are required.
Regulation of Shp2, a tyrosine phosphatase, critically influences the development of various diseases. Its role in epithelial lumenogenesis is not clear. Here we show that oncogenic Shp2 dephosphorylates Tuba to decrease Cdc42 activation, leading to the abnormal multi-lumen formation of epithelial cells. HDAC6 suppression reverses oncogenic Shp2-induced multiple apical domains and spindle mis-orientation during division in cysts to acquire normal lumenogenesis. Intriguingly, Cdc42 activity is not restored in this rescued process. We present evidence that simultaneous reduction in myosin II and ERK1/2 activity by HDAC6 inhibition is responsible for the reversion. In HER2-positive breast cancer cells, Shp2 also mediates Cdc42 repression, and HDAC6 inhibition or co-suppression of ERK/myosin II promotes normal epithelial lumen phenotype without increasing Cdc42 activity. Our data suggest a mechanism of epithelial disorganization by Shp2 deregulation, and reveal the cellular context where HDAC6 suppression is capable of establishing normal epithelial lumenogenesis independent of Cdc42.
Estrogen receptor (ER)-negative breast cancer is an aggressive form that currently requires more drug treatment options. Thus, we have further modified cyclohexanone derivatives of curcumin and examined them for cytotoxicity towards ER-negative human breast cancer cells. Two of the analogs screened elicited increased cytotoxic potency compared to curcumin and other previously studied derivatives. Specifically, 2,6-bis(pyridin-3-ylmethylene)-cyclohexanone (RL90) and 2,6-bis(pyridin-4-ylmethylene)-cyclohexanone (RL91) elicited EC(50) values of 1.54 and 1.10 microM, respectively, in MDA-MB-231 cells and EC(50) values of 0.51 and 0.23 in SKBr3 cells. All other new compounds examined were less potent than curcumin, which elicited EC(50) values of 7.6 and 2.4 microM in MDA-MB-231 and SKBr3 cells, respectively. Mechanistic analyses demonstrated that RL90 and RL91 significantly induced G(2)/M-phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. RL90 and RL91 also modulated the expression of key cell signaling proteins, specifically, in SKBr3 cells, protein levels of Her-2, Akt, and NFkappaB were decreased in a time-dependent manner, while activity of stress kinases JNK1/2 and P38 MAPK were increased. Signaling events in MDA-MB-231 cells were differently implicated, as EGFR protein levels were decreased and activity of GSK-3beta transiently decreased, while beta-catenin protein level and activity of P38 MAPK, Akt, and JNK1/2 were transiently increased. In conclusion replacement of the phenyl group of cyclohexanone derived curcumin derivatives with heterocyclic rings forms a class of second-generation analogs that are more potent than both curcumin and other derivatives. These new derivatives provide a platform for the further development of drugs for the treatment of ER-negative breast cancer.
Platinum-based chemotherapy with third generation drugs (such as gemcitabine) is an efficacious regimen of first-line treatment of patients with advanced, unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), without activating EGFR mutations. Mechanism of action of cytostatics are distortions in the DNA. ERCC1 and RRM1 are key proteins involved in the repair of DNA, thus, they may be responsible for the ineffectiveness of therapy. We investigated whether ERCC1 (19007C>T) and RRM1 (-37C>A) polymorphisms impact response to chemotherapy and survival in 62 patients with NSCLC treated with platinum and gemcitabine. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were assessed using a PCR-RFLP method in DNA isolated from PBLs. There were no statistically significant relationships between ERCC1 genotypes and response to therapy (p=0.581, chi2=1.09) as well as patient overall survival (OS). Carriers of the RRM1 AC genotype showed disease progression significantly more frequently (p=0.019, chi2=5.473) compared to carriers of the AA or CC genotypes. Carriers of the ERCC1/RRM1TT/CC genotype combination showed disease control significantly more frequently (p=0.047, chi2=3.95) compared to carriers of other genotype combinations. Patients with AA or CC genotypes of RRM1 showed significantly higher progression-free survival probability (p=0.0001, HR=0.39, 95% CI, 0.22-0.70) and OS probability (p=0.0104, HR=0.39, 95% CI, 0.18-0.82) compared to those with the AC genotype. In Cox regression model, poor performance status (p=0.0016, HR=4.78, 95% CI, 1.82-12.56), AC genotype of RRM1 gene (p=0.0414, HR=2.47, 95% CI, 1.04-5.87), lack of prior surgical treatment (p=0.0425, HR=4.71, 95% CI, 1.06-20.92) and lack of subsequent lines of treatment (p=0.0127, HR=3.23, 95% CI, 1.29-8.11) were significantly associated with shortening of patient survival. The analysis of RRM1 (-37C>A) more than ERCC1 (19007C>T) polymorphism may be a promising tool in the qualification of NSCLC patients for chemotherapy containing platinum compounds and gemcitabine.
About 20% of breast cancer patients over-express the human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2), which is associated with enhanced tumor malignancy. The influence of HER2 overexpression on oxidant/antioxidant parameters in humans remains unknown; therefore, we investigated the oxidative profile in women according to their HER2 status. Fifty-two controls and 52 breast cancer (BC) patients were enrolled. The BC patients were subdivided into HER-, negative for HER2 overexpression, and HER+, positive for HER2 overexpression. Oxidative stress profilling was measured by malondialdehyde (MDA), free 8-isoprostane F2, protein carbonyl content, nitric oxide (NO), total radical antioxidant parameter (TRAP), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase activity, and glutathione (GSH) levels. Total thiol content and lipoperoxidation were evaluated in HCC1954 and MCF-7. Cells overexpressing HER2 presented enhanced oxidative stress. Increased erythrocyte lipoperoxidation was found in BC patients, while plasma lipoperoxidation was detected in both the BC and HER- groups. Decreased MDA levels were found in the HER+ group, suggesting that HER2 overexpression may protects against plasma lipoperoxidation. No alteration was found for 8-isoprostane F2, NO, and carbonyl content. TRAP was decreased in BC patients, while HER2 overexpression increased SOD and prevented decreased GSH levels. These data help to understand the HER2 overexpression in oxidative signaling and may enable the development of new strategies for anti-HER2 therapy.
Resistance to targeted therapies is an important clinical problem in HER2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer. "Drug-tolerant persisters" (DTP), a subpopulation of cancer cells that survive via reversible, nongenetic mechanisms, are implicated in resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) in other malignancies, but DTPs following HER2 TKI exposure have not been well characterized. We found that HER2 TKIs evoke DTPs with a luminal-like or a mesenchymal-like transcriptome. Lentiviral barcoding/single-cell RNA sequencing reveals that HER2+ breast cancer cells cycle stochastically through a "pre-DTP" state, characterized by a G0-like expression signature and enriched for diapause and/or senescence genes. Trajectory analysis/cell sorting shows that pre-DTPs preferentially yield DTPs upon HER2 TKI exposure. Cells with similar transcriptomes are present in HER2+ breast tumors and are associated with poor TKI response. Finally, biochemical experiments indicate that luminal-like DTPs survive via estrogen receptor-dependent induction of SGK3, leading to rewiring of the PI3K/AKT/mTORC1 pathway to enable AKT-independent mTORC1 activation. SIGNIFICANCE: DTPs are implicated in resistance to anticancer therapies, but their ontogeny and vulnerabilities remain unclear. We find that HER2 TKI-DTPs emerge from stochastically arising primed cells ("pre-DTPs") that engage either of two distinct transcriptional programs upon TKI exposure. Our results provide new insights into DTP ontogeny and potential therapeutic vulnerabilities. This article is highlighted in the In This Issue feature, p. 873.
A series of chalcone-based 4-Nitroacetophenone derivatives were designed and synthesized by the single-step condensation method. These compounds were identified by (1)H NMR,(13)C NMR, MS, and FTIR analysis. Further, the derivatives were evaluated against four cancer cell lines H1299, MCF-7, HepG2, and K526. The IC(50) value of potent compounds NCH-2, NCH-4, NCH-5, NCH-6, NCH-8, and NCH-10 was 4.5-11.4 muM in H1299, 4.3-15.7 muM in MCF-7, 2.7-4.1 muM in HepG2 and 4.9-19.7 muM in K562. To assess the toxicity against healthy cells all potent molecules were evaluated against the HEK-293T cell line, and IC(50) values exhibited by NCH-2, and NCH-3 were 77.8, 74.3, and other molecules showed IC(50) values > 100 muM. The EGFR expression was determined by using rabbit anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody and significant EGFR expression was knocked down observed in H1299 treated with NCH-10 as well as erlotinib. The underlying mechanism behind cell death was investigated through bioinformatics. First, the molecules were optimized and docked to the binding site of the EGFR kinase domain. The best complexes were simulated for 100-ns and compounds NCH-2, NCH-4, and NCH-10 achieved stability similar to the erlotinib bound kinase domain. The free energy binding (DeltaG(bind)) of NCH-10 was found to be more negative -226.616 +/- 2.148 kJ/mol calculated by Molecular Mechanics Poisson Boltzmann's Surface Area (MM-PBSA) method. Both in vitro and in silico results conclude that the present class of chalcone-based 4-Nitroacetophenone derivatives are potent anti-cancer agents targeting EGFR-TKD and are 39 folds more effective against H1299, MCF-7, HepG2, and K562 carcinoma cell lines than healthy HEK-293T cell lines.
The great progress of genetics research, during 2015-2017, will certainly influence all medical specialties including nuclear medicine. In nuclear medicine there are still problems to solve as to differentiate between infection, inflammation and cancer etc. Furthermore, in dosimetry and radiation protection there are worldwide problems. It has been reported that (64) Cu-cetuximab immune-PET represented EGFR expression levels in ESCC tumors and that (177) Lu-cetuximab radioimmunotherapy effectively inhibited the tumor growth. Recent important research findings and few related suggestions for further research are mentioned related to Gastroenterology, Neohippocratic Medicine, the Respiratory System, Neurology and the Hayflick phenomenon. Perhaps we now live in the genetics transformation era, the Genomie's Era.
INTRODUCTION: In the phase III LUX-Lung 8 trial, afatinib significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) versus erlotinib in patients with squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of the lung progressing during or after platinum-based chemotherapy. Patient-reported outcomes (PROs) and health-related quality of life (QoL) in these patients are presented. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients (n = 795) were randomized 1:1 to oral afatinib (40 mg/d) or erlotinib (150 mg/d). PROs were collected (baseline, every 28 days until progression, 28 days after discontinuation) using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer QoL questionnaire and lung cancer-specific module. The percentage of patients improved during therapy, time to deterioration (TTD), and changes over time were analyzed for prespecified lung cancer-related symptoms and global health status (GHS)/QoL. RESULTS: Questionnaire compliance was 77.3% to 99.0% and 68.7% to 99.0% with afatinib and erlotinib, respectively. Significantly more patients who received afatinib versus erlotinib experienced improved scores for GHS/QoL (36% vs. 28%; P = .041) and cough (43% vs. 35%; P = .029). Afatinib significantly delayed TTD in dyspnea (P = .008) versus erlotinib, but not cough (P = .256) or pain (P = .869). Changes in mean scores favored afatinib for cough (P = .0022), dyspnea (P = .0007), pain (P = .0224), GHS/QoL (P = .0320), and all functional scales. Differences in adverse events between afatinib and erlotinib, specifically diarrhea, did not affect GHS/QoL. CONCLUSION: In patients with SCC of the lung, second-line afatinib was associated with improved prespecified disease-related symptoms and GHS/QoL versus erlotinib, complementing PFS and OS benefits with afatinib.
INTRODUCTION: The presence of a BRAF-V600E mutation in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) is observed in approximately 12% of cases and is associated with poor prognosis and aggressive disease. Unlike melanoma, the development of successful BRAF blockade in colorectal cancer has been complex. The phase III BEACON trial made significant progress in the development of BRAF inhibitors by establishing encorafenib-cetuximab as the new standard of care for patients with mCRC who have progressed to one or two previous lines of treatment. Nonetheless, not all patients respond to encorafenib-based combinations, and some responses are short-lived. Identifying new strategies to boost antitumor activity and improve survival is paramount. AREAS COVERED: The development of targeted therapy for BRAF-V600E mCRC starting with BRAF inhibitors as monotherapy through novel combinations with anti-VEGF or anti-PD1 agents to enhance antitumor activity is reviewed, with a particular focus on the development of predictive and prognostic biomarkers. EXPERT OPINION: There is a crucial need to better understand tumor biology and develop accurate and reliable biomarkers to enhance the antitumor activity of encorafenib-based combinations. The RNF43 mutation is an accurate and reliable predictive biomarker of response, and combinations that target crosstalk between the MAPK pathway, the immune system, and WNT pathways seem promising.
BACKGROUND: Cadonilimab is a bispecific antibody that simultaneously targets programmed cell death receptor-1 and cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen-4. This study aimed to assess the safety and efficacy of cadonilimab plus anlotinib for the first-line treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) without sensitizing EGFR/ALK/ROS1 mutations. METHODS: Patients received cadonilimab 15 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg every three weeks (Q3W) plus anlotinib at doses of 10 or 12 mg once daily for two weeks on a one-week-off schedule. The primary endpoints included safety and objective response rate (ORR). RESULTS: Sixty-nine treatment-naive patients received cadonilimab 15 mg/kg Q3W combination (n = 49) and 10 mg/kg Q3W combination (n = 20). Treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were reported in 48 (98.0%) and 19 (95.0%) patients, with grade >/=3 TRAEs occurring in 29 (59.2%) and five (25.0%) patients, respectively. TRAEs leading to cadonilimab discontinuation occurred in eight (16.3%) and one (5.0%) patients in the cadonilimab 15 mg/kg Q3W and 10 mg/kg Q3W dosing groups. The confirmed ORRs were 51.0% (25/49) and 60.0% (12/20) accordingly. CONCLUSIONS: Cadonilimab 10 mg/kg Q3W plus anlotinib showed manageable safety and promising efficacy as a first-line chemo-free treatment for advanced NSCLC. GOV IDENTIFIER: NCT04646330.
Inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) is a clinically distinct and aggressive form of locally advanced breast cancer with largely unknown genetic determinants. Overexpression of the RhoC GTPase and of HER2, and decreased ER-expression are involved in IBC. Multimodality treatment has increased survival but prognosis is still poor. Novel molecular targets for improved neoadjuvant treatment are necessary. Using cDNA microarrays, we performed genome-wide expression profiling of pre-treatment tumour samples of 16 patients with IBC and 18 patients with non-stage-matched non-IBC. Rigid clinical diagnostic criteria according to the TNM classification of the American Joint Committee on Cancer were adopted. Unsupervised hierarchical clustering accurately distinguished IBC and non-IBC samples. A set of 50 discriminator genes was identified in a learning group of tumour samples and was successful in diagnosing IBC in a validation group of samples (accuracy of 88%). Exclusion of ER-related or HER2-related genes did not alter this discriminatory accuracy, indicating that the expression of other genes in addition to ER and HER2 characterize the IBC phenotype. The molecular signature of IBC revealed the overexpression of a large number of NF-kappaB target genes, explaining at least part of the aggressive nature of IBC. Successful validation of some of the overexpressed genes by immunohistochemistry or real-time quantitative PCR demonstrated the robustness of the cDNA microarray experiments. The results of our study provide potential targets for the treatment of patients with IBC.
OBJECTIVE: Glioblastoma, previously recognized as glioblastoma multiform (GBM), is the most aggressive and most common type of cancer that originates in the brain and has a very poor prognosis for survival. Glioblastoma, as one of the lethal cancers of the brain, is important to be studied in terms of molecular exploration. METHODS: Bioinformatics approaches could be a promising complementary study for identifying more robust biomarkers. This study evaluates the gene expression profile of normal brain endothelial cells versus glioblastoma tumor cells with positive CD3 in more depth by applying R Studio and Cytoscape and its plug-ins. RESULTS: A network of differentially expressed genes (DEGs) introduced promising candidates comprised of TP53, EGFR, FN1, JUN, and CDC42 and their related biological processes. Comprised of differentially expressed genes, this panel's dysregulation could significantly affect the stability of the protein-protein interaction (PPI) network. Moreover, previous studies have validated these genes' relevance to this cancer type. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the molecular profile of glioblastoma aids in drug targeting following thorough validation assessments. Five key genes and their related biological processes are possible  drug targets to control glioblastoma.
Triple-negative breast cancers (TNBCs) are defined as tumors that are negative for estrogen, progesterone and HER-2 receptor. At a percentage of 10-20% TNBCs represent a minority in all breast cancers. However, because of the poor prognosis this particular subtype, triple negative disease accounts for a disproportionate number of metastatic cases and breast cancer deaths. Identification of its subtypes is essential for understanding the biological characteristics and clinical behavior of TNBC, as well as for developing personalized treatments. This review will focus on the great progress that has been made in the past few years on identifying new targets in TNBC subtypes and a variety of new treatment options that are on the verge of routine clinical application.
Abstract Cetuximab and panitumumab, monoclonal antibodies used to target the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), were recently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for use as single agents or in combination with other chemotherapy drugs in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. The anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies, either as single agents or in combination with chemotherapy, have demonstrated clinical activity in this setting. When combined with standard cytotoxic chemotherapy or other targeted agents (e.g., bevacizumab, an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor monoclonal antibody), anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies have been well tolerated and produced minimal toxicities. However, cetuximab and panitumumab appear to benefit only select patients. Predictive markers of efficacy, including EGFR overexpression, development of skin rash, and the absence of a K-ras mutation, have been evaluated in clinical studies to identify patients likely to respond to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody therapy. This review discusses recent clinical studies of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer, predictive markers of their efficacy, and common toxicities associated with their use.
A series of osimertinib derivatives without acrylamide groups were synthesized and their inhibitory rates against L858R/T790M/C797S mutated EGFR kinase and antiproliferation activities against non-small cell lung cancer cell lines (A549, H1975) were evaluated. The preferred compounds were selected and their in vitro inhibitory activities against various EGFR kinases (wild-type, L858R/T790M, L858R/T790M/C797S) and c-Met kinase were tested. Compound 9h showed remarkable inhibitory activity against the wild type (IC(50) = 29 nM), L858R/T790M mutant type (IC(50) = 10 nM) and L858R/T790M/C797S mutant type (IC(50) = 242 nM) as reversible EGFR kinase inhibitor, which was selected to further perform the AO/EB staining assays, cell cycle distribution assays and wound-healing assays on A549 and/or H1975 cell lines. The results showed dose-dependent activities of the induction of cell apoptosis, G1/G0-phase arrestation and inhibition of migration. Compound 22a showed remarkable inhibitory activity against the L858R/T790M/C797S mutant EGFR kinase (IC(50) = 137 nM), which was nearly three times compared to osimertinib (IC(50) = 410 nM). It's worth noting that 22a exhibited excellent kinase selectivity against the L858R/T790M/C797S mutant EGFR kinase rather than the wild-type, which reached 5.4 times and far more than the 0.012 times of osimertinib. Additionally, molecular docking analyses were performed to explain the action modes between the compounds and the corresponding EGFR kinases. In conclusion, compounds 9h and 22a have been demonstrated as promising candidates and worth further study.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) have recently emerged as a promising targeted therapeutic strategy in urothelial carcinoma, and their application in nonmuscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC) is an evolving frontier. This review is timely as it synthesizes recent advances in ADC development for NMIBC, addressing critical unmet needs among both Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) naive high-risk and BCG-unresponsive patients. RECENT FINDINGS: The literature reveals that ADCs that target HER2, Trop-2, Nectin-4 are under active investigation. Several retrospective and prospective studies have reported encouraging complete response rates, durable event-free survival, and manageable safety profiles with these agents. Current clinical trials are evaluating ADCs as monotherapy or in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (e.g., durvalumab, tislelizumab) and intravesical therapies, aiming to refine dosing regimens and maximize therapeutic efficacy. SUMMARY: The findings underscore the potential of ADCs to revolutionize NMIBC management by providing novel bladder-sparing strategies in patients traditionally limited by BCG failure. Future research should concentrate on optimizing patient selection, treatment sequencing, and combination strategies to improve long-term outcomes, enhancing survival and quality of life.
EGFRis a transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinase involved in regulating cell proliferation, differentiation and survival. EGFR is actively pursued as a therapeutic target because its aberrant expression or activity has been reported in several cancers. Several studies have reported the nuclear localization of the EGFR in various cell types, however, its exact nuclear functions are not clear yet. In this study, we have generated GFP fusion constructs of EGFR and its mutants to analyze their subcellular localizationin normal and cancer cells and impact of its sub-cellular location on its various activities using immunoblotting, confocal microscopy, reporter assays, loss-of-function EGFR mutants, and EGFR specific small molecule inhibitors. We show that EGFR is involved in modulating TCF dependent beta-catenin transcriptional activity in HepG2 cells in a similar fashion as IGF1R tyrosine kinase. Moreover, we show that cytoplasmic and nuclear functions are two independent activities of EGFR.
Melanoma-associated antigen A (MAGE-A) proteins are members of the cancer/testis antigens (CTA), and the expression of these proteins is almost exclusively limited to malignant cells, making them an attractive treatment target. MAGE-A expression is correlated with poor overall survival in several cancers, including head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Among others, MAGE-A11 was found to be associated with resistance to different antineoplastic and targeted compounds, such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). We searched The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database with a focus on MAGE-A and found that MAGE-A overexpression is a common event in HNSCC (27.5%). Furthermore, MAGE-A overexpression was correlated with significantly reduced overall survival (35.45 months vs. 64.78 months, P = 0.0173). In particular, MAGE-A11 overexpression was found in 9% of specimens. We then examined MAGE-A11 expression, the efficacy of EGFR and the EGFR mutational status and the effects of the pan-HER (human EGFR) TKIs erlotinib and afatinib in HNSCC cell lines. Next, we used a model of stable MAGE-A11 overexpression to demonstrate that MAGE-A11 impaired the efficacy of erlotinib and afatinib. In summary, our study provides evidence that MAGE-A11 contributes to erlotinib and afatinib resistance in head and neck cancer cell lines.
Cancer cells are described with features of uncontrolled growth, invasion and metastasis. The epidermal growth factor receptor subfamily of tyrosine kinases (EGFR-TK) plays a crucial regulatory role in the control of cellular proliferation and progression of various cancers. Therefore, its inhibition might lead to the discovery of a new generation of anticancer drugs. In the present study, structure-based pharmacophore modeling, molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulations were applied to identify potential hits, which exhibited good inhibition on the proliferation of MCF-7 breast cancer cell line and favorable binding interactions on EGFR-TK. Selected compounds were examined for their anticancer activity against the Michigan Cancer Foundation-7 (MCF-7) breast cancer cell line which overexpresses EGFR using the MTT (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide) tetrazolium reduction assay. Compounds 1 and 2, with an isoindoline-1-one core, induced significant inhibition of breast cancer cells proliferation with IC[Formula: see text] values 327 and 370 nM, respectively.
The prognostic value of intensive postoperative bone scan (BS) screening, which is performed in asymptomatic patients with breast cancer (BC) after surgery, remained unclear. Patients diagnosed with BC with bone metastasis (BM) from five medical centers in China during the years 2005-2013 were retrospectively collected. Propensity score matching (PSM) was performed to balance the baseline characteristics. The survival outcomes were overall survival (OS) and overall survival after BM (OSABM). Among 1059 eligible patients, 304 underwent intensive postoperative BS while 755 did not. During a median follow-up of 6.67 years (95%CI 6.45, 7.21), intensive postoperative BS prolonged the median OS by 1.63 years (Log-Rank p = 0.006) and OSABM by 0.66 years (Log-Rank p = 0.002). Intensive postoperative BS was an independent prognostic factor for both OS (adjusted HR 0.77, 95%CI 0.64, 0.93, adjusted p = 0.006) and OSABM (adjusted HR 0.71, 95%CI 0.60, 0.86, adjusted p < 0.001). The prognostic value of intensive postoperative BS was consistently favorable for OS among clinical high-risk patients, including those with ages younger than 50, stage II, histology grade G3 and ER-Her2- subtype. This multicenter real-world study showed that intensive postoperative BS screening improved survival for BC patients with BM and should probably be recommended for postoperative surveillance, especially for patients at clinical high-risk.
Combined RNA-Seq and proteomics analyses reveal striking differential expression of splice isoforms of key proteins in important cancer pathways and networks. Even between primary tumor cell lines from histologically similar inflammatory breast cancers, we find striking differences in hormone receptor-negative cell lines that are ERBB2 (Her2/neu)-amplified versus ERBB1 (EGFR) over-expressed with low ERBB2 activity. We have related these findings to protein-protein interaction networks, signaling and metabolic pathways, and methods for predicting functional variants among multiple alternative isoforms. Understanding the upstream ligands and regulators and the downstream pathways and interaction networks for ERBB receptors is certain to be important for explanation and prediction of the variable levels of expression and therapeutic responses of ERBB+tumors in the breast and in other organ sites. Alternative splicing is a remarkable evolutionary development that increases protein diversity from multi-exonic genes without requiring expansion of the genome. It is no longer sufficient to report the up- or down-expression of genes and proteins without dissecting the complexity due to alternative splicing. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: 20Years of Proteomics in memory of Viatliano Pallini. Guest Editors: Luca Bini , Juan J. Calvete, Natacha Turck, Denis Hochstrasser and Jean-Charles Sanchez.
The past 2 decades of systemic therapy for breast cancer have been a period of monumental change, in terms of both theory and technology. Adjuvant therapy developed from two strands of research--one in systemic chemotherapy and one in hormonal therapy--both of which were aided by the application of higher statistical methodology to clinical trials. The agent with the single greatest public health impact in oncology has been tamoxifen, but problems with tamoxifen therapy led to the development of the aromatase inhibitors, and further research led to the use of hormonal therapy in a chemopreventive capacity. The evolution of systemic chemotherapy for breast cancer has been an interplay between theory-driven approaches and new agents. By the late 1980s, accumulating data revealed that overexpression of HER2 (erbB2) played an important role in a substantial portion of breast cancers, which prompted the development of trastuzumab (Herceptin), an agent targeting HER2-positive disease. Determining HER2 status proved essential to assessing patient eligibility for trastuzumab therapy. Decoding of the human genome and application of bioinformatics further revolutionized the possibilities in breast cancer treatment.
PURPOSE: Malignant epithelial ovarian cancer effusions are important in disease dissemination and clinical outcome. The identification of biochemical events active in effusions may improve our identification and application of targeted therapeutics. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Archival effusion samples for which outcome information was known were studied. Clinical variables were comparable between these groups. Two cohorts of patients with malignant effusion were assessed: those with effusion at presentation (Tap1) or at first recurrence (Tap2). Expression and activated fraction of selected signaling proteins were quantitated on serial protein microarrays using validated antibodies. Proteomic results and clinical variables were analyzed by univariate analysis followed by Cox proportional hazards model analysis. RESULTS: Malignant effusions (>80% malignant cells) were distinguished from benign effusions by higher expression of AKT, activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase, activated (P < or = 0.001) and total cAMP-responsive element binding protein (P = 0.01), and JNK (P = 0.03). Malignant pleural effusions could not be differentiated from ascites by signaling profiles. Both had signal expression clusters for survival, proliferation and metastasis, and injury pathways. Cox proportional hazards model analysis revealed high p38 and pEGFR/EGFR ratio as jointly associated with poor survival in Tap1 cases (both P < or = 0.002). Phospho-JNK quantity was associated with worse outcome in Tap2 patients (P = 0.004), when taking other factors into consideration. CONCLUSIONS: Proliferation, survival, and apoptosis signaling dysregulation can be identified in ovarian cancer effusion samples. Biochemical characterization of clinical effusions may provide either predictive and/or correlative information on patient outcome from which to further understand the mechanisms of effusion development and target clinical intervention.
Active metabolites of tamoxifen are formed mainly by the action of cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6). Since there are controversies regarding associations between CYP2D6 polymorphisms and outcomes among women with early breast cancer (EBC) treated with tamoxifen, the present evaluation of links with clinical outcomes was conducted. We analyzed a total of 716 patients treated with tamoxifen for hormone receptor positive EBC between 2001 and 2005 at the National Cancer Center, Korea. All patients received tamoxifen 20 mg/day for more than 6 months. DNA obtained from whole blood samples was genotyped for CYP2D6 variants associated with reduced (*10, *41) and absent (*5) activity. Of the total of 716 patients, 558 (77.9%) received adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy prior to the tamoxifen therapy. From the genotyping of CYP2D6, 152 (21.2%) patients were classified as having the wild type (W/W), 376 (52.7%) one variant allele (W/V), and 188 (26.1%) two variant alleles (V/V). Seventy (9.8%) patients experienced disease recurrence with a median follow-up of 5.6 (range, 0.6-10.3) years. Although known prognostic factors, including tumor size, nodal status, Ki67, PgR negativity, and HER2 positivity showed strong associations with the recurrence free survival (RFS) in this population, no significant association with any of the CYP2D6 genetic variants was evident (P = 0.61; hazard ratio [HR] = 1.14; 95% CI 0.68-1.92). This remained the case after subgroup analysis according to different adjuvant treatments. Polymorphisms of CYP2D6 were not associated with clinical outcomes in EBC patients receiving adjuvant tamoxifen treatment.
INTRODUCTION: Testing for mutations of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is crucial to identify non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients eligible for treatment with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs); This study aims to describe EGFR-mutation testing, treatment patterns, and overall survival (OS) in localized NSCLC patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with localized (Stage IB-IIIA) NSCLC registered in the Norwegian Cancer Registry during 2010-2017 were followed from diagnosis until emigration, death, or end of study in 2018. The cohort was linked to data from the Norwegian Patient Registry, the Prescription Database, and the Cause of Death Registry. RESULTS: Of 2367 patients identified with localized NSCLC, 52 % were females and median age at diagnosis was 69 years. Most (66 %) were treated with surgery, while 16 % received curatively-intended radiotherapy (RT). EGFR-mutation testing increased significantly from 58 to 84 % during the study period. Testing frequencies varied across regions and comorbidity levels. Nine-percent of tested patients were EGFR-mutation positive (EGFRm+), of whom 27 % were treated with EGFR-TKIs. There was no correlation between initial treatment with either surgery or RT and EGFR-TKI use. The 3-year OS did not vary considerably by EGFR-mutation testing, but EGFRm+ patients had a higher 3-year OS (78.8 %) than wild-type EGFR (EGFRwt) patients (65.9 %). DISCUSSION: Although EGFR-mutation testing is increasingly being implemented in the early-stage setting in line with national recommendations, some patients are still not being tested for molecular markers as part of their diagnostic workup-a prerequisite for providing equal access to effective targeted treatments, such as EGFR-TKIs, to eligible patients.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients carrying an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation have an initial favorable clinical response to the tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). Unfortunately, rapid resistance occurs mainly because of genetic alterations, including amplification of the hepatocyte growth factor receptor (MET) and its abnormal activity. The RNA post-transcriptional modifications that contribute to aberrant expression of MET in cancer are largely under-investigated and among them is the adenosine-to-inosine (A-to-I) RNA editing of microRNAs. A reduction of A-to-I editing in position 5 of miR-411-5p has been identified in several cancers, including NSCLC. In this study, thanks to cancer-associated gene expression analysis, we assessed the effect of the edited miR-411-5p on NSCLC cell lines. We found that edited miR-411-5p directly targets MET and negatively affects the mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) pathway. Considering the predominant role of the MAPKs pathway on TKIs resistance, we generated NSCLC EGFR mutated cell lines resistant to TK inhibitors and evaluated the effect of edited miR-411-5p overexpression. We found that the edited miR-411-5p reduces proliferation and induces apoptosis, promoting EGFR TKIs response in NSCLC-resistant cells.
INTRODUCTION: Trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd) demonstrated strong and durable responses in patients with previously treated HER2 (ERBB2) mutant (HER2m) metastatic NSCLC (mNSCLC) in the DESTINY-Lung02 primary analysis (December 23, 2022, data cutoff). This final analysis evaluated T-DXd efficacy and safety after 8 additional months of follow-up, including clinically relevant subgroups and patient-reported outcomes. METHODS: DESTINY-Lung02 was a randomized, dose-blinded, multicenter, phase 2 trial. Patients with previously treated HER2m mNSCLC were randomized 2:1 to receive T-DXd 5.4 or 6.4 mg/kg once every 3 weeks. Primary end point was confirmed objective response rate by blinded independent central review. RESULTS: As of August 25, 2023, 102 and 50 patients had received T-DXd 5.4 or 6.4 mg/kg, respectively. Median follow-up (Q1-Q3) was 15.8 (8.2-20.7) months and 16.5 (9.4-20.8) months, respectively. Confirmed objective response rate (95% confidence interval) was 50.0% (51/102; 39.9%-60.1%) and 56.0% (28/50; 41.3%-70.0%), respectively. Safety profile was acceptable and generally manageable. Accordingly, median treatment duration (Q1-Q3) was 7.7 (3.7-14.4) months and 8.3 (2.8-13.1) months; drug-related grade 3 or higher treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 39.6% (40/101) and 60.0% (30/50), with nausea most common (67.3% [68/101], 82.0% [41/50]). Adjudicated drug-related interstitial lung disease occurred in 14.9% (15/101) and 32.0% (16/50), mostly grade 1 or 2 with one grade 5 in each arm. Health-related quality of life was preserved for the duration of T-DXd treatment while sample size was sufficient for analysis, with no adverse effects on health-related quality of life observed at either dose. CONCLUSIONS: T-DXd demonstrated strong and durable responses at both doses, with no clinically significant changes in toxicity. The approved 5.4-mg/kg dose demonstrated a more favorable benefit-risk profile, including lower adjudicated drug-related interstitial lung disease incidence. GOV IDENTIFIER: NCT04644237.
Osimertinib, a standard treatment for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-positive non-small-cell lung cancer, commonly causes manageable diarrhoea. We report osimertinib-induced refractory diarrhoea diagnosed as ulcerative colitis, remitting with mesalazine. A 69-year-old woman with advanced-stage EGFR mutation-positive lung adenocarcinoma developed persistent diarrhoea 3 weeks after starting osimertinib, complicated by anorexia, hypotension, anaemia and renal failure requiring hospitalisation. While anaemia and renal failure improved after osimertinib cessation, diarrhoea persisted. A colonoscopy revealed ulcerative colitis, confirmed by neutrophil and lymphocyte infiltration in the intestinal mucosa, glandular deformation and decreased goblet cells. This case demonstrates that osimertinib-induced ulcerative colitis was successfully treated with mesalazine.
Ataxia telangiectasia (AT) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by the pathological variants of the ATM gene. Owing to i ts r arity a nd n ature, complications of AT, such a s malignant tumors, a re often difficult to manage with standard imaging studies and treatments, and there are no established management strategies. We report the case of a woman who had AT in childhood and developed breast cancer in her 20s; the disease was successfully managed by the decision-making of multidisciplinary physicians professionals with ethics support. She was immunocompromised, ataxic, and mentally impaired. The patient's mother noticed a tumor in her right breast and subsequently brought her to our department. Although preoperative testing and surgical procedures were limited as AT is extremely radiosensitive, the patient was diagnosed with cT2N0M0 breast cancer and underwent right mastectomy and axillary lymph node sampling. The final diagnosis was pT2N0M0 pStage IIA mucinous carcinoma, and immunohistochemistry of the tumor specimen was estrogen receptor-positive, progesterone receptor-positive, and HER2-negative. Tamoxifen was administered as postoperative adjuvant therapy, and the patient has survived to date without recurrence. Here, we report our experience with breast cancer treatment for AT, along with a review of the literature.
Although the treatment of gastric cancer improves the clinical outcomes, the survival of gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis is still very poor. Effective drugs against peritoneal metastasis, coupled with new therapeutic modalities, are needed to improve the prognoses of these patients. Paclitaxel and TS-1 are candidate drugs for peritoneal metastasis, and intraperitoneal chemotherapy and targeted therapy are potential new therapeutic modalities. Two phase II studies using TS-1 and intraperitoneal and systemic paclitaxel for gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis showed respectable survival results. In addition, peritoneal metastatic lesions showed high levels of epithelial cellular adhesion molecule (ECAM) and very low levels of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), thus indicating that an anti-ECAM monoclonal antibody, catumaxomab, would be effective against gastric cancer-derived peritoneal metastasis. Although catumaxomab and intraperitoneally administered paclitaxel are not generally used in Japan at present, these treatment strategies might therefore be effectively used in Japan in the near future.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Neuropilin-1 (NRP-1) activates signalling pathways as multifunctional co-receptors in cancer cells. However, its role and how it is regulated by miRNAs in cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) have not yet been investigated. METHODS: The expression of NRP-1, miR-320 and key molecules involved in cell proliferation, migration and related signalling pathways were detected by immunohistochemistry, immunoblotting and qRT-PCR. Stable transfectants depleted of NRP-1 were generated. The regulatory effect of miR-320 on NRP-1 was evaluated by luciferase reporter assays. Cell proliferation, cell cycle distribution and migration were examined. Xenograft tumour models were established to assess tumourigenesis, tumour growth and lung metastasis. RESULTS: Cholangiocarcinoma tissues expressed higher levels of NRP-1 than adjacent normal biliary tissues, and its expression negatively correlated with miR-320. NRP-1 depletion inhibited cell proliferation and induced cell cycle arrest in the G1/S phase by upregulating p27, and downregulating cyclin E and cyclin-dependent kinase 2; and reduced cell migration by inhibiting the phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase. NRP-1 depletion suppressed tumourigenesis, tumour growth and lung metastasis by inhibiting cell proliferation and tumour angiogenesis in experimental animals. Depletion of NRP-1 inhibited the activation of VEGF/VEGFR2, EGF/EGFR and HGF/c-Met pathways stimulated by respective ligands. MiR-320 negatively regulated the expression of NRP-1 by binding to the 3'-UTR of NRP-1 promoter, and miR-320 mimics inhibited cell proliferation and migration, and the growth of established tumours in animals by downregulating NRP-1. CONCLUSIONS: The present results indicate that NRP-1 is negatively regulated by miR-320, and both of them may be potentially therapeutic targets for CCA.
Tucatinib is a potent tyrosine kinase inhibitor selective for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer and in development for other HER2-positive solid tumors. Modest, reversible serum creatinine (SCr) elevations have been observed in tucatinib clinical trials. SCr is conveyed by the renal drug transporters organic cation transporter 2 (OCT2) and multidrug and toxin extrusion protein 1 (MATE1) and 2-K (MATE2-K) and can increase in the presence of inhibitors of these transporters. In vitro, tucatinib inhibited OCT2-, MATE1-, and MATE2-K-mediated transport of metformin, with IC(50) values of 14.7, 0.340, and 0.135 microM, respectively. Tucatinib also inhibited OCT2- and MATE1-mediated transport of creatinine, with IC(50) values of 0.107 and 0.0855 microM, respectively. A phase 1 study with metformin administered orally in the absence and presence of tucatinib was conducted in 18 healthy subjects. Renal function was assessed by measuring glomerular filtration rate (GFR; based on iohexol plasma clearance) and endogenous markers (SCr, cystatin C-based estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR]) with and without tucatinib. Metformin exposure increased (1.4-fold) and renal clearance decreased (29.99-17.64 L/h) with tucatinib, with no effect on metformin maximum concentration. Creatinine clearance transiently decreased 23% with tucatinib. GFR and eGFR, which are unaffected by OCT2 and/or MATE1/2-K transport, were unchanged with tucatinib. These data demonstrate that tucatinib inhibits OCT2- and MATE1/2-K-mediated tubular secretion of creatinine, which may manifest as mild SCr elevations that are not indicative of renal impairment.
INTRODUCTION: Homozygous deletion of MTAP upregulates de novo synthesis of purine (DNSP) and increases the proliferation of neoplastic cells. This increases the sensitivity of breast cancer cells to DNSP inhibitors such as methotrexate, L-alanosine and pemetrexed. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 7,301 cases of MBC underwent hybrid-capture based comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP). Tumor mutational burden (TMB) was determined on up to 1.1 Mb of sequenced DNA and microsatellite instability (MSI) was determined on 114 loci. Tumor cell PD-L1 expression was determined by IHC (Dako 22C3). RESULTS: 208 (2.84%) of MBC featured MTAP loss. MTAP loss patients were younger (p = 0.002) and were more frequently ER- (30% vs. 50%; p < 0.0001), triple negative (TNBC) (47% vs. 27%; p < 0.0001) and less frequently HER2+ (2% vs. 8%; p = 0.0001) than MTAP intact MBC. Lobular histology and CDH1 mutations were more frequent in MTAP intact (14%) than MTAP loss MBC (p < 0.0001). CDKN2A (100%) and CDKN2B (97%) loss (9p21 co-deletion) were significantly associated with MTAP loss (p < 0.0001). Likely associated with the increased TNBC cases, BRCA1 mutation was also more frequent in MTAP loss MBC (10% vs. 4%; p < 0.0001). As for immune checkpoint inhibitors biomarkers, higher TMB >20 mut/Mb levels in the MTAP intact MBC (p < 0.0001) and higher PD-L1 low expression (1-49% TPS) in the MTAP loss MTAP (p = 0.002) were observed. CONCLUSIONS: MTAP loss in MBC has distinct clinical features with genomic alterations (GA) affecting both targeted and immunotherapies. Further efforts are necessary to identify alternative means of targeting PRMT5 and MTA2 in MTAP-ve cancers to benefit from the high-MTA environment of MTAP-deficient cancers.
BACKGROUND: Bevacizumab is a monoclonal antibody that prevents angiogenesis by inhibiting vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) activity. Clinically, it has been used to treat a diverse range of cancer types. In this pilot phase II study, we investigated the efficacy and safety profiles of bevacizumab in combination with docetaxel plus cisplatin for patients with advanced HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Between 2005 and 2008, 20 patients with advanced breast cancer were recruited from the Taipei Medical University Hospital. Bevacizumab was administered every two weeks in a 12-cycle treatment with docetaxel plus cisplatin. The primary end-point for this study was the overall response rate. The secondary end-points were progression-free survival and the safety profiles of the combined therapy. RESULTS: The average number of treatment cycles was 10.5 with a response rate of 80%. Neutropenia and neuropathy were the most commonly observed adverse events. Seven patients achieved complete remission and nine patients achieved partial remission. For the overall patient group in this study, the median time-to-progression and overall survival were 28.0 weeks and 52 weeks, respectively. The median time-to-progression and overall survival for the 10 patients that completed all 12 cycles of treatment were 64.0 weeks and 80 weeks, respectively. In one patient, a very rapid reduction in the level of breast cancer lung metastases was observed one week post-treatment. CONCLUSION: Based on this pilot study, bevacizumab in combination with docetaxel and cisplatin is likely to be an effective treatment option for metastatic breast cancer that warrants further study.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer (BC) comprises around 20-30% of all BC subtypes and is correlated with poor prognosis. For many years, trastuzumab, a monoclonal antibody, has been used to inhibit the HER2 activity. Though, the main resistance to trastuzumab has challenged the use of this drug in the management of HER2-positive BC. Therefore, the determination of resistance mechanisms and the incorporation of new agents may lead to the development of a better blockade of the HER family receptor signaling. During the last few years, some therapeutic drugs have been developed for treating patients with trastuzumab-resistant HER2-positive BC that have more effective influences in the management of this condition. In this regard, the present study aimed at reviewing the mechanisms of trastuzumab resistance and the innovative therapies that have been investigated in trastuzumab-resistant HER2-positive BC subjects.
PURPOSE: The progression of ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) to invasive breast carcinoma (IBC) in humans is highly variable. To better understand the relationship between them, we performed a multi-omic characterization of co-occurring DCIS and IBC lesions in a cohort of individuals. METHODS: Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples from 50 patients with co-occurring DCIS and IBC lesions were subjected to DNA-seq and whole transcriptome RNA-seq. Paired DCIS and IBC multi-omics profiles were then interrogated for DNA mutations, gene expression profiles and pathway analysis. RESULTS: Most small variants and copy number variations were shared between co-occurring DCIS and IBC lesions, with IBC exhibiting on average a higher degree of additional mutations. However, 36% of co-occurring lesions shared no common mutations and 49% shared no common copy number variations. The most frequent genomic variants in both DCIS and IBC were PIK3CA, TP53, KMT2C, MAP3K1, GATA3 and SF3B1, with KMT2C being more frequent in DCIS and TP53 and MAP3K1 more frequent in IBC, though the numbers are too small for definitive conclusions. The most frequent copy number variations were seen in MCL1, CKSB1 and ERBB2. ERBB2 changes were not seen in IBC unless present in the corresponding DCIS. Transcriptional profiles were highly distinct between DCIS and IBC, with DCIS exhibiting upregulation of immune-related signatures, while IBC showed significant overexpression in genes and pathways associated with cell division and proliferation. Interestingly, DCIS and IBC exhibited significant differential expression of different components of extracellular matrix (ECM) formation and regulation, with DCIS showing overexpression of ECM-membrane interaction components while IBC showed upregulation of genes associated with fibronectin and invadopodia. CONCLUSION: While most co-occurring DCIS and IBC were mutationally similar and suggestive of a common clonal progenitor, transcriptionally the lesions are highly distinct, with IBC expressing key pathways that facilitate invasion and proliferation. These results are suggestive of additional levels of regulation, epigenetic or other, that facilitate the acquisition of invasive properties during tumor evolution.
INTRODUCTION: TP53 gene is the most frequently altered tumor suppressor gene in breast cancer. It has been observed that MDM2 plays a central role in regulating the TP53 pathway. This study aimed to investigate the role of TP53 Arg72Pro and MDM2 T309G polymorphisms in breast cancer patients. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The TP53 (Arg72Pro) and MDM2 (T309G) polymorphisms were studied in a hospital-based case control study by AS-PCR in 100 breast cancer patients and 100 healthy control subjects. RESULTS: It was observed that TP53 Arg72Pro polymorphism was significantly associated with breast cancer (chi (2) = 9.92, p = 0.007). A significantly increased breast cancer risk was associated with the Proline allele [odds ratio 1.84 (95 % CI: 1.22-2.77), risk ratio 1.34 (95 % CI: 1.11-1.63), p value 0.003], HER2/neu status (p = 0.01) and distant metastasis (p = 0.05). On the other hand, we have found a significant correlation between MDM2 (T309G) polymorphism with HER2/neu status (chi (2) = 11.14, p = 0.003) and distant metastasis (p value = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Our finding suggests that TP53 (Arg72Pro) polymorphism may play a significant role as risk factor for breast cancer in north Indian breast cancer patients. While MDM2 (T309G) polymorphism may not be directly associated with the risk of breast cancer occurrence in the same population, but it may play role in disease progression by triggering TP53.
Our purpose is to investigate the feasibility of imaging tumor metabolism in breast cancer patients using (13)C magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging (MRSI) of hyperpolarized (13)C label exchange between injected [1-(13)C]pyruvate and the endogenous tumor lactate pool. Treatment-naive breast cancer patients were recruited: four triple-negative grade 3 cancers; two invasive ductal carcinomas that were estrogen and progesterone receptor-positive (ER/PR+) and HER2/neu-negative (HER2-), one grade 2 and one grade 3; and one grade 2 ER/PR+ HER2- invasive lobular carcinoma (ILC). Dynamic (13)C MRSI was performed following injection of hyperpolarized [1-(13)C]pyruvate. Expression of lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), which catalyzes (13)C label exchange between pyruvate and lactate, hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF1alpha), and the monocarboxylate transporters MCT1 and MCT4 were quantified using immunohistochemistry and RNA sequencing. We have demonstrated the feasibility and safety of hyperpolarized (13)C MRI in early breast cancer. Both intertumoral and intratumoral heterogeneity of the hyperpolarized pyruvate and lactate signals were observed. The lactate-to-pyruvate signal ratio (LAC/PYR) ranged from 0.021 to 0.473 across the tumor subtypes (mean +/- SD: 0.145 +/- 0.164), and a lactate signal was observed in all of the grade 3 tumors. The LAC/PYR was significantly correlated with tumor volume (R = 0.903, P = 0.005) and MCT 1 (R = 0.85, P = 0.032) and HIF1alpha expression (R = 0.83, P = 0.043). Imaging of hyperpolarized [1-(13)C]pyruvate metabolism in breast cancer is feasible and demonstrated significant intertumoral and intratumoral metabolic heterogeneity, where lactate labeling correlated with MCT1 expression and hypoxia.
BACKGROUND: Improvements in knowledge of molecular mechanisms in cancer are the basis for new studies combining chemotherapy with targeted drugs. Inhibition of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) by erlotinib or cetuximab has limited or no activity, respectively, in pancreatic cancer. The crosstalk between EGFR and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathways is a potential mechanism of resistance; therefore we conducted a study to explore safety and efficacy of multiple pathway inhibition by cetuximab and everolimus in combination with capecitabine. METHODS: Safety and efficacy of fixed standard dose cetuximab in combination with various dose levels of everolimus (5-10 mg/day) and capecitabine (600-800 mg/m(2) bid, 2 weeks every 3 weeks) were investigated in a phase I/II study in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. The primary endpoint was objective response. RESULTS: Sixteen patients were treated in the phase I part at two dose levels. Mucositis, rash and hand-foot syndrome were dose-limiting toxicities. Dose level 1 (everolimus 5 mg/day, capecitabine 600 mg/m(2) bid for 2 weeks every 3 weeks and cetuximab 250 mg/m(2) weekly) was considered the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). Of 31 patients in the phase II part, partial response was documented in two patients (6.5%) and five (16.1%) had stable disease. Median overall survival was 5.0 months (CI 3.1-6.8). CONCLUSION: The schedule of capecitabine, everolimus and cetuximab resulted in considerable epidermal and mucosal toxicities and prevented escalation to optimal dose levels. Because of toxicity and low efficacy this treatment combination cannot be recommended for treatment in pancreatic cancer patients.
BACKGROUND: Natural compounds, including ellagic acid (ELG), are promising anticancer agents with low adverse effects. In this paper, we test in vitro the effectiveness of mesoporous silica nanoparticles (MSN) as an ELG carrier against colon cancer. METHODS: We produced MSNs functionalized with triptycene (TRP) and loaded with ELG, further called MSNTRPELG nanoformulation. The nanoformulation contained over 11 wt.% TRP and approximately 25 wt.% ELG in the mesoporous structure and on the surface of particles. It was assessed for anticancer effects against two colon cancer cells: HCT-116 and HT-29 for treatment with up to 200 microM. RESULTS: Comparing to free ELG, we have shown a three times higher cancer inhibition. The lowest IC50 values were for HCT-116 (88.1 +/- 0.1 microM) and HT-29 (77.6 +/- 0.1 microM). When treated with free ELG, the values were 187.1 +/- 0.1 microM and 300.0 +/- 0.1 microM, respectively. MSNTRPELG enhanced apoptosis primarily by activating caspase-3, p53, and Bax while downregulating Bcl-2 in HCT-116 and HT-29 cells. It also inhibited receptor tyrosine kinases (HER2 and VEGFR2). Preliminary Western blot observations suggest suppression of B-RAF, C-RAF, and K-RAS oncogenes, with stronger inhibition by the nanoformulation than by free ELG. CONCLUSIONS: This work highlights the potential of MSNs to enhance the efficacy of natural prodrugs, particularly ELG, in cancer therapy.
High-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV) is a causative agent for an increasing subset of oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma. HPV 16 accounts for 90% of cases. The chance for malignant transformation due to infection with high-risk HPV is proportional to the expression of the viral oncogene products E6 and E7, which inactivate p53 and retinoblastoma (Rb) tumor suppressor functions. P16 is a surrogate marker of HPV associated HNSCC and 2+/3+ expression in more than 75% cells is diagnostic. Molecular demonstration of integrated virus by in situ hybridization is specific but has low sensitivity. HPV associated oropharyngeal carcinomas classically arise in the tonsillar crypts and commonly have basaloid morphology with a prominent lymphocytic repsonse and minimal despmoplastic reaction. In situ vs invasive carcinomas may be difficult to distinguish in histology. The HPV postitivity overrides traditional prognostic indicators such as tumour grade and histological subtype. Small cell morphology carries a poorer prognosis as does marked tumour anaplasia and multinucleation. Lymph node metastasis is extensive and frequently cystic however extranodal extension, laterality or nodal sizes do not carry prognostic implications as in conventional OSCC and OPSCC. Stage IV is reserved for distant metastasis. HPV-16-positive patients had significantly reduced overall and disease-specific mortality rates and an improved 3-year overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) compared to patients with HPV negative tumors. Surgical treatment is the main option for primary and secondary HNSCC. Targeted therapies including drugs targeting EGFR and PIK3CA and have shown some promising results. HPV pathway expressing tumors are less aggressive and may receive adequate curative intent therapy from a reduced radiation or chemotherapy dose revision. OSCC however fails to show a distinct difference between HPV associated and tobaccco associated cancer and prognostic differences do not clearly exist.
Metastases to central nervous system (CNS) are very common in nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-positive mutation. Brain is the most affected part of CNS where blood-brain barrier (BBB) presents a challenge to currently available chemotherapeutic agents as well as first- (erlotinib and gefitinib) and second (afatinib)-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) due to their poor penetrability. A rapid development of EGFR T790M secondary mutation is another cause of treatment failure, and patients tend to progress despite initial response to first- and second-generation EGFR TKIs. Moreover, conventional treatments with heavy dose of radiation have a number of side effects compared to benefits attained. Recently, third-generation EGFR TKIs have been developed with proven efficacy in various clinical setups against EGFR mutation-positive cases of brain metastases in NSCLC. One such agent, osimertinib, is available in India. It has not only better penetration ability to BBB compared to other EGFR TKIs but also has significantly increased potency for most prevalent EGFR T790M mutations. Furthermore, it is active in patients who progress upon first- and second-generation EGFR TKIs. The purpose of this review article is to present an updated clinical preview of EGFR TKIs over conventional treatment, mainly radiation therapy to consider them as "use first" agents against EGFR T790M mutation in the treatment of patients with advanced NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths in females, and the hormone receptor-positive subtype is the most frequent. Breast cancer is a common source of brain metastases; therefore, we aimed to generate a brain metastases prediction model in females with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer. METHODS: The primary cohort included 3,682 females with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer treated at a single center from May 2009 to May 2020. Patients were randomly divided into a training dataset (n = 2,455) and a validation dataset (n = 1,227). In the training dataset, simple logistic regression analyses were used to measure associations between variables and the diagnosis of brain metastases and to build multivariable models. The model with better calibration and discrimination capacity was tested in the validation dataset to measure its predictive performance. RESULTS: The variables incorporated in the model included age, tumor size, axillary lymph node status, clinical stage at diagnosis, HER2 expression, Ki-67 proliferation index, and the modified Scarff-Bloom-Richardson grade. The area under the curve was 0.81 (95 % CI 0.75-0.86), p < 0.001 in the validation dataset. The study presents a guide for the clinical use of the model. CONCLUSION: A brain metastases prediction model in females with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer helps assess the individual risk of brain metastases.
Breast cancer prognosis and administration of therapies are aided by knowledge of hormonal and HER2 receptor status. Breast cancer lacking estrogen receptors, progesterone receptors and HER2 receptors are difficult to treat. Regarding large data repositories such as The Cancer Genome Atlas, available wet-lab methods for establishing the presence of these receptors do not always conclusively cover all available samples. To this end, we introduce median-supplement methods to identify hormonal and HER2 receptor status phenotypes of breast cancer patients using gene expression profiles. In these approaches, supplementary instances based on median patient gene expression are introduced to balance a training set from which we build simple models to identify the receptor expression status of patients. In addition, for the purpose of benchmarking, we examine major machine learning approaches that are also applicable to the problem of finding receptor status in breast cancer. We show that our methods are robust and have high sensitivity with extremely low false-positive rates compared with the well-established methods. A successful application of these methods will permit the simultaneous study of large collections of samples of breast cancer patients as well as save time and cost while standardizing interpretation of outcomes of such studies.
PURPOSE: A number of studies have revealed that coexpression of EGFR and HER-2 has been found in a subset of colon cancers and may cooperatively promote tumor cell growth and survival. In the present work, two tyrosine kinase inhibitors, gefitinib and lapatinib, together with trastuzumab, raised a monoclonal antibody against HER-2 were evaluated in two colon cancer cell lines, DLD-1 and Caco-2. The aim of the study was to investigate their effect on tumor cell proliferation and apoptosis. METHODS: Cell proliferation was assessed using the MTT assay and apoptosis was evaluated by DNA fragmentation and the Annexin V binding assay. EGFR and HER-2 protein and mRNA levels were evaluated by immunoblotting and quantitative RT-PCR, respectively. RESULTS: Treatment of cells with each agent alone resulted in inhibition of cell proliferation after 48 h in a dose-dependent manner except for trastuzumab, which did not alter cell proliferation of DLD-1. Apoptosis increased in DLD-1 cells, after 24 h treatment with gefitinib. None of the tested agents altered apoptosis in Caco-2 cells. HER-2 and EGFR protein levels did not follow the changes of mRNA levels after treatment with the tested agents. CONCLUSIONS: Tauhe inhibitory effect of these agents on cell proliferation and the induction of apoptosis differ for the two colon cancer cell lines under consideration. Further studies are necessary to investigate the way they exert their antitumor effect.
Tissue polypeptide-specific antigen (TPS) is a tumor proliferative marker associated with cytokeratin 18. The aim of the study was to investigate the potential relationship between the preoperative serum TPS levels and the outcome in Chinese breast cancer patients. 975 consecutive female patients, affected by invasive breast cancer under investigation from January 2005 to December 2011, had their TPS levels measured with a one-step solid phase radiometric sandwich assay detecting the M3 epitope on cytokeratin 18 fragments. The cut-off value was 80U/L. The average age diagnosed with breast cancer was 48, ranging from 23 to 71. About 19% (185) patients displayed an elevated preoperative TPS level (>80U/L) associated with older age (>45), advanced cancer stage, larger tumor size (>2cm), axillary lymph node metastasis, negative progesterone receptor status, and positive HER2 status. In addition, preoperative TPS levels were also significantly connected with recurrence (p<0.05), particularly distant metastasis and visceral metastasis. The mean preoperative TPS level was 68.4+/-116.43U/L (range 0-1839U/L). In multivariate analysis, high preoperative TPS level was recognized as an independent prognostic factor for disease-free survival (p<0.001 and overall survival (p=0.023). From these results we conclude that the serum preoperative TPS level may be a valuable and independent marker for breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: Based on previous reports, patients who experience isolated central nervous system (CNS) failure may not have systemic acquired resistance to EGFR-TKI therapy. However, because there are few articles that have reported on the clinical efficacy of continuous EGFR-TKI administration following progressive disease (PD) in isolated CNS metastasis, we retrospectively investigated the possibility of using the treatment. PATIENTS AND METHODS: From July 2002 to December 2009, 17 non-small cell lung cancer patients showed isolated CNS failure after clinical benefit (partial response or stable disease longer than 6 months) from EGFR-TKIs and continuously received EGFR-TKIs following radiotherapy (whole brain radiotherapy or stereotactic radiotherapy) to the CNS metastases. RESULTS: The response rate and the disease control rate of CNS lesions were 41% and 76%, respectively. The median progression free survival, extracranial progression free survival and the median overall survival time were 80 days, 171 days and 403 days, respectively. The toxicities which were observed during the first EGFR-TKI treatments were sustained, but did not worsen during this study period. The acute toxicities caused by radiotherapy to the CNS were controllable. There were no remarkable late toxicities related to the treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Continuous administration of EGFR-TKI following radiotherapy after PD in isolated CNS metastasis appears to be a valid treatment option.
BACKGROUND: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the leading cause of cancer deaths primarily due to chemoresistance. Somatic mutation of TP53 (36%) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR; > 30%) are major contributors to cisplatin (CDDP) resistance. Substantial evidence suggests the elevated levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) is a key determinant in cancer. The elevated ROS can affect the cellular responses to chemotherapeutic treatments. Although the role of EGFR in PI3K/Akt signaling cascade in NSCLC is extensively studied, the molecular link between EGFR and p53 and the role of ROS in pathogenesis of NSCLC are limitedly addressed. In this study, we investigated the role of p53 in regulation of ROS production and EGFR signaling, and the chemosensitivity of NSCLC. METHODS: In multiple NSCLC cell lines with varied p53 and EGFR status, we compared and examined the protein contents involved in EGFR-Akt-P53 signaling loop (EGFR, P-EGFR, Akt, P-Akt, p53, P-p53) by Western blot. Apoptosis was determined based on nuclear morphological assessment using Hoechst 33258 staining. Cellular ROS levels were measured by dichlorofluorescin diacetate (DCFDA) staining followed by flow cytometry analysis. RESULTS: We have demonstrated for the first time that activation of p53 sensitizes chemoresistant NSCLC cells to CDDP by down-regulating EGFR signaling pathway and promoting intracellular ROS production. Likewise, blocking EGFR/PI3K/AKT signaling with PI3K inhibitor elicited a similar response. Our findings suggest that CDDP-induced apoptosis in chemosensitive NSCLC cells involves p53 activation, leading to suppressed EGFR signaling and ROS production. In contrast, in chemoresistant NSCLC, activated Akt promotes EGFR signaling by the positive feedback loop and suppresses CDDP-induced ROS production and apoptosis. CONCLUSION: Collectively, our study reveals that the interaction of the p53 and Akt feedback loops determine the fate of NSCLC cells and their CDDP sensitivity.
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) may achieve long-term survival in selected cases with advanced non-small cell lung cancer harboring activating mutations in the EGFR gene, but a cured case has not been reported yet. Here, we present the first case of EGFR-mutated lung adenocarcinoma cured with an EGFR-TKI, as the 75-year-old Japanese man has achieved complete response with gefitinib treatment and has survived without tumor 10 years after termination of gefitinib treatment.
PURPOSE: This study aimed to investigate theranostic strategies in colorectal and skin cancer based on fragments of cetuximab, an anti-EGFR mAb, labeled with radionuclide with imaging and therapeutic properties, (111)In and (177)Lu, respectively. METHODS: We designed F(ab')(2)-fragments of cetuximab radiolabeled with (111)In and (177)Lu. (111)In-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab tumor targeting and biodistribution were evaluated by SPECT in BalbC nude mice bearing primary colorectal tumors. The efficacy of (111)In-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab to assess therapy efficacy was performed on BalbC nude mice bearing colorectal tumors receiving 17-DMAG, an HSP90 inhibitor. Therapeutic efficacy of the radioimmunotherapy based on (177)Lu-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab was evaluated in SWISS nude mice bearing A431 tumors. RESULTS: Radiolabeling procedure did not change F(ab')(2)-cetuximab and cetuximab immunoreactivity nor affinity for HER1 in vitro. (111)In-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab exhibited a peak tumor uptake at 24 h post-injection and showed a high tumor specificity determined by a significant decrease in tumor uptake after the addition of an excess of unlabeled-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab. SPECT imaging of (111)In-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab allowed an accurate evaluation of tumor growth and successfully predicted the decrease in tumor growth induced by 17-DMAG. Finally, (177)Lu-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab radioimmunotherapy showed a significant reduction of tumor growth at 4 and 8 MBq doses. CONCLUSIONS: (111)In-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab is a reliable and stable tool for specific in vivo tumor targeting and is suitable for therapy efficacy assessment. (177)Lu-DOTAGA-F(ab')(2)-cetuximab is an interesting theranostic tool allowing therapy and imaging.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the hormone receptor status of operable breast cancers in Yogyakarta, Indonesia , and its correlation with other established prognostic factors and overall survival. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Operable breast cancers in Yogyakarta were studied clinically, pathologically and immunohistochemically for tumor size, lymph node status, histological grade, mitotic index, ER, PR, c-erbB2, p53 and MIB-1 proliferation index. Correlations of ER and PR with those prognostic factors were determined, and patients were longitudinally followed for overall survival. RESULTS: Breast cancer showed an aggressive phenotype with large tumor size, positive lymph nodes, high histologic grade, high mitotic index, positive c-erbB2, p53 and MIB- 1 proliferation index. Positive ER and PR did not improve the prognosis significantly, and adjuvant treatment with tamoxifen did not increase overall survival.
In the current work, we designed and synthesized three families of non-fused and fused compounds based on cyanopyridone: derivatives of 6-amino-1,2-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarbonitrile (5a-f) and 3,4,7,8-tetrahydro pyrimidine-6-carbonitrile (6a-b and 7a-e). The newly synthesized compounds' structure were determined using a variety of techniques, including (1)H NMR, (13)C NMR, mass spectrum, infrared spectroscopy, and elemental analysis. The developed compounds were tested for the ability to inhibit the growth of breast adenocarcinoma (MCF-7) and hepatic adenocarcinoma (HepG2) cell lines using MTT assay. Some of the synthesized compounds were more effective towards the cancer cell lines than the standard treatment taxol. The best antiproliferative activities were demonstrated by non-fused cyanopyridones 5a and 5e against the MCF-7 cell line (IC(50) = 1.77 and 1.39 muM, respectively) and by compounds 6b and 5a against the HepG2 cell line (IC(50) = 2.68 and 2.71 muM, respectively). We further explored 5a and 5e, the two most potent compounds against the MCF-7 cell line, for their ability to inhibit VEGFR-2 and HER-2. Finally, docking and molecular dynamics simulations were performed as part of the molecular modeling investigation to elucidate the molecular binding modes of the tested compounds, allowing for a more thorough comprehension of the activity of compounds 5a and 5e.
BACKGROUND: Guidelines recommend the use of genomic assays such as OncotypeDx to aid in decisions regarding the use of chemotherapy for hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer. The RSClin prognostic tool integrates OncotypeDx and clinicopathologic features to predict distant recurrence and chemotherapy benefit, but further validation is needed before broad clinical adoption. METHODS: This study included patients from the National Cancer Data Base (NCDB) who were diagnosed with stage I-III HR+/HER2- breast cancer from 2010 to 2020 and received adjuvant endocrine therapy with or without chemotherapy. RSClin-predicted chemotherapy benefit was stratified into low (<3% reduction in distant recurrence), intermediate (3%-5%), and high (>5%). Cox models were used to model mortality adjusted for age, comorbidity index, insurance, and race/ethnicity. RESULTS: A total of 285,441 patients were identified for inclusion from the NCDB, with an average age of 60 years and a median follow-up of 58 months. Chemotherapy was associated with improved overall survival only for those predicted to have intermediate (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 0.68; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.60-0.79) and high benefit per RSClin (aHR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.61-0.72). Consistent benefit was seen in the subset with a low OncotypeDx score (<26) and intermediate (aHR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.53-0.82) or high (aHR, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.58-0.86) RSClin-predicted benefit. No survival benefit with chemotherapy was seen in patients with a high OncotypeDx score (>/=26) and low benefit per RSClin (aHR, 1.70; 95% CI, 0.41-6.99). CONCLUSIONS: RSClin may identify high-risk patients who benefit from treatment intensification more accurately than OncotypeDx, and further prospective study is needed.
Based on favorable outcomes and decreased propensity for lymph node and distant metastasis, multiple ground-glass nodules (GGNs) are now predominantly recognized as early-stage primary independent lung cancer. In this study, we discuss a case involving a patient with reoperative multifocal GGNs who was ultimately diagnosed with early multiple intrapulmonary metastases and multifocal primary lung cancers. This patient exhibited multisite epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations, including the classical L858R, exon 19 deletion and the rare V834L variant. Despite a high tumor burden and the presence of various EGFR driver mutations, the patient experienced prolonged dormancy and exceptionally slow lesion growth, even without any systemic treatment. Our research indicates that the patient's immune response against the tumor remained robust throughout the disease course. Furthermore, we found that pathways associated with integrin-mediated cell extracellular matrix adhesion played a role in activating her innate immune responses and regulating tumor dormancy. Our findings suggest that the interplay between cancer cell mutations and the tumor microenvironment (TME) phenotype during tumor evolution contributed to this patient's prolonged survival. Integrating these aspects for lung tumor stratification is expected to improve predictions of growth potential and aid in clinical decision making.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the preoperative prognostic value of molecular subtypes in relation to clinical information, histopathological findings, and molecular markers for patients with bladder cancer treated with radical cystectomy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: After standard preoperative staging, a population-based cohort of 519 patients underwent radical cystectomy between 2006 and 2011. Following pathological review of all transurethral resection of bladder tumor specimens, tissue microarrays were constructed, and RNA was extracted from formalin-fixed tissue blocks. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was performed using markers suggested to be relevant for prognosis (ZEB2, CCND1, CD3, CD68, CDH3, HER3, KRT14, CDKN2A(p16), TP63, FGFR3, EPCAM, GATA3, FOXA1, ERBB2, and EGFR). IHC- and gene-expression-based molecular classification was also conducted. Univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression were used for survival analyses. RESULTS: Clinical T3 stage (Hazard Ratio [HR] 1.6, Confidence Interval [CI] 1.1-2.3), hydronephrosis (HR 1.7, CI 1.2-2.3), lymphovascular invasion (LVI) (HR 2.6, CI 1.9-3.6), extensive necrosis (HR 1.6, CI 1.1-2.5), and CD68/CD3-ratio >1 (HR 1.3, CI 1.1-1.5) in the transurethral resection of bladder tumor specimen was associated with worse cancer-specific survival (CSS) and progression-free survival (data not shown). In multivariate analysis, higher clinical T stage (HR 1.3, CI 1.1-1.7; P = 0.007) and presence of LVI (HR 2.4, CI 1.7-3.5; P = 1.8x10(-)(6)) were associated with worse CSS, whereas only LVI was associated with progression-free survival. Molecular subtypes (assessed by Lund taxonomy and the Consensus molecular subtypes of muscle-invasive bladder cancer) and published single IHC markers were not associated with survival. CONCLUSIONS: In the present large population-based cystectomy series, LVI and clinical stage were independently associated with CSS. However, molecular subtypes determined by global gene expression showed no such association with CSS according to either the Consensus molecular subtypes of muscle-invasive bladder cancer or Lund taxonomy.
Gastric cancer is a heterogeneous disease with diverse histological and genomic subtypes, making it difficult to demonstrate treatment efficacy in clinical trials. However, recent efforts have been made to identify molecular biomarkers with prognostic and predictive implications to better understand the broad heterogeneity of gastric cancer and develop effective targeted therapies for it. HER2 overexpression, HER2/neu amplification, MSI-H, and PD-L1+ are predictive biomarkers in gastric cancer, and a growing number of clinical trials based on novel biomarkers have demonstrated the efficacy of targeted therapies alone or in combination with conventional chemotherapy. Enrichment design clinical trials of targeted therapies against FGFR2b and claudin 18.2 have demonstrated efficacy in unresectable advanced gastric cancer. Nonetheless, it is essential to continuously validate promising molecular biomarkers and introduce them into clinical practice to optimize treatment selection and improve patient outcomes. In this review, we focused on established (PD-L1, HER2, MSI) and emerging biomarkers (FGFR2, CLDN18.2) in gastric cancer, their clinical significance, detection methods, limitations, and molecular agents that target these biomarkers.
The role of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been vastly studied over the last decade. This has led to the rapid development of many generations of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). However, patients treated with third-generation TKIs (osimertinib, avitinib and rociletinib) targeting the EGFR T790M mutation have shown emerging resistances and relapses. Therefore, further molecular understanding of NSCLC mutations, bypass signalling, tumour microenvironment and the existence of cancer stem cells to overcome such resistances is warranted. This will pave the way for designing novel and effective chemotherapies to improve patients' overall survival. In this review, we provide an overview of the multifaceted mechanisms of resistance towards EGFR-TKIs, as well as the challenges and perspectives that should be addressed in strategising chemotherapeutic treatments to overcome the ever-evolving and adaptive nature of NSCLC.
We have established a cell line derived from a pleural effusion of breast scirrhous carcinoma. This cell line presented immunohistochemically negative for estrogen receptor and slightly positive for progesterone receptor, and positive for c-erbB/HER2/neu. However the original tumor was found to be positive for estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor and slightly positive for c-erbB/HER2/neu expression. Enzyme and electrochemiluminescence immunoassays of tumor markers in the conditioned medium by the cell line revealed they secrete CA15-3, NCC-ST-439 and HER2 protein. We believe the cell line will contribute to the therapeutic study of malignant breast cancer.
There is a plethora of information embedded in a tissue section that the conventional IHC understands only partially. Predictive biomarkers for precision immuno-oncology heavily dependent on the spatial arrangement of cells and the co-expression patterns in the tissue sections. Here we have explored the versatility of indirect multiplex immunofluorescence (mIF) and indirect multiplex immunohistochemistry (mIHC) for the labeling of breast cancer prognostic markers in routinely processed, formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissues at high resolution. The multiplex immunohistochemistry protocol utilized sequential staining for the chromogenic immunolabelling of Estrogen Receptor alpha (ERalpha) or Progesterone Receptor (PR), Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2), and Nucleoside diphosphate kinase 1 (NM23) by multicolor chromogens in different combinations. A feasible workflow for multiplex immunofluorescence was also effectively standardized for ERalpha, PR, and HER2 using combinations of commercially available Alexa Fluor and Quantum dots semiconductor nanocrystal conjugated secondary antibodies. Multiplex chromogenic immunolabeling revealed differential expression of the markers on the same slide. Kappa statistics revealed perfect agreement with uniplex immunohistochemistry. For multiplex fluorescence approach, surface receptor detection using Quantum dots and Alexa fluor dyes for cytoplasmic or nuclear markers performed well for profiling multiple co-localized biomarkers on a single paraffin tissue section. The technique developed reveals additional information such as co-expression, spatial relationships, and tumor heterogeneity, providing a deeper insight into developing combinatorial therapeutic strategies in clinical care. This high throughput workflow complements the outcomes of traditional IHC while saving tissue, time, labour, and reagents.
INTRODUCTION: Non-Hispanic black (NHB) women with breast cancer have poorer survival than non-Hispanic white (NHW) women. Although NHB women are more often diagnosed at later stages, it is less established whether racial disparities exist among women diagnosed with late-stage breast cancer, particularly when care is provided in the community setting. METHODS: Treatment and survival were examined by race/ethnicity among women diagnosed in 2012 with stage IIIB-IV breast cancer using the National Cancer Institute's population-based Patterns of Care Study. Medical records were re-abstracted and treating physicians were contacted to verify therapy. Vital status was available through 2014. RESULTS: A total of 533 women with stage IIIB-C and 625 with stage IV tumors were included; NHW women comprised about 70% of each group. Among women with stage IIIB-C disease, racial/ethnicity variations in systemic treatment were not observed but there was a borderline association indicating worse all-cause mortality among NHB women (hazard ratio 1.52; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96-2.41). In contrast, among women with stage IV disease, borderline associations indicating NHB women were more likely to receive chemotherapy (OR 1.44, 95% CI 0.90-2.30) and, among those with hormone receptor-positive tumors, less likely to receive endocrine therapy (OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.35-1.04). All-cause mortality did not vary by race/ethnicity for stage IV disease (hazard ratio 0.92; 95% CI 0.68-1.25). CONCLUSIONS: More research is needed to identify additional factors associated with the potential survival disparities among women with stage IIIB-C disease and potential treatment disparities among women with stage IV disease.
PURPOSE: BI-1607 is a human monoclonal antibody that specifically blocks FcgammaRIIB, sole inhibitory Fc receptor and master regulator of humoral and innate immune homeostasis. These studies evaluated preclinical antitumor activity using a BI-1607 murine surrogate (mBI-1607), and safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of the compound in combination with trastuzumab in patients with HER2-positive advanced solid tumors (NCT05555251). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Immunocompetent syngeneic mouse breast tumor (TUBO) and melanoma (B16-F10) models were used to evaluate in vivo antitumor activity in combination (anti-HER2 and anti-gp75). Ascending doses of BI-1607 administered intravenously every three weeks in combination with trastuzumab were evaluated in 18 HER2-positive cancer patients. The primary objective was to assess safety and tolerability of BI-1607 by determining dose-limiting toxicities, maximum tolerated dose (MTD) or maximum administered dose and identifying a recommended phase 2 dose. RESULTS: mBI-1607 enhanced tumor-targeting antibody efficacy and animal survival. BI-1607/trastuzumab was well tolerated, with dose-limiting toxicity (rash) in 1 patient (5.6 %) at 900 mg; the MTD was not reached. Treatment-emergent adverse events grade >/=3 occurred in 5 patients (28 %), including exanthema, increase in liver enzymes, urticaria, acute kidney injury, and aggravated condition. Overall best response was stable disease, observed in 7 out of the 9 evaluable patients (78 %). BI-1607 exhibits linear pharmacokinetics for doses above 500 mg, and full receptor saturation throughout the 21 days at 700 mg. No ADAs were observed. CONCLUSIONS: The enhancing effect on tumor direct-targeting antibodies observed preclinically, together with the favorable safety profile in patients support further investigation of BI-1607.
Anticancer drug resistance is one of the biggest hurdles in the treatment of breast cancer. Drug repurposing is a viable option fordeveloping novel medical treatment strategies since this method is more cost-efficient and rapid. Antihypertensive medicines have recently been found to have pharmacological features that could be used to treat cancer, making them effective candidates for therapeutic repurposing. The goal of our research is to find a potent antihypertensive drug that can be repurposed as adjuvant therapy for breast cancer. In this study, virtual screening was performed using a set of Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved antihypertensive drugs as ligands with selected receptor proteins (EGFR, KRAS, P53, AGTR1, AGTR2, and ACE) assuming these proteins are regarded to have a significant role in hypertension as well as breast cancer. Further, our in-silico results were further confirmed by an in-vitro experiment (cytotoxicity assay). All the compounds (enalapril, atenolol, acebutolol, propranolol, amlodipine, verapamil, doxazosin, prazosin, hydralazine, irbesartan, telmisartan, candesartan, and aliskiren) showed remarkable affinity towards the target receptor proteins. However, maximum affinity was displayed by telmisartan. Cell-based cytotoxicity study of telmisartan in MCF7 (breast cancer cell line) confirmed the anticancer effect of telmisartan. IC50 of the drug was calculated to be 7.75 microM and at this concentration, remarkable morphological alterations were observed in the MCF7 cells confirming its cytotoxicity in breast cancer cells. Based on both in-silico and in-vitro studies, we can conclude that telmisartan appears to be a promising drug repurposing candidate for the therapeutic treatment of breast cancer.
A series of novel spiropyrazoline oxindole derivatives was synthesized by 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reaction. The compounds were screened for their in vitro cytotoxic activity against MCF-7 breast cancer cell line (estrogen receptor positive (ER+) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative (HER2-)). Of the nineteen spiropyrazoline oxindoles tested, six compounds have a GI50 below 12 muM The most potent compounds in this series were also evaluated against MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line (ER- and HER2-). Two spiropyrazoline oxindoles were highly selective between MCF-7 tumor cells and MDA-MB-231 tumor cells. More importantly, they were noncytotoxic against HEK 293T non tumor derived cell lines.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second largest cause of cancer mortality in Western countries, mostly due to metastasis. Understanding the natural history and prognostic factors in patients with metastatic CRC (mCRC) is essential for the optimal design of clinical trials. The main prognostic factors currently used in clinical practice are related to tumor behavior (e.g., white blood counts, levels of lactate dehydrogenase, levels of alkaline phosphatase) disease extension (e.g., presence of extrahepatic spread, number of organs affected) and general functional status (e.g., performance status as defined by the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group). However, these parameters are not always sufficient to establish appropriate therapeutic strategies. First-line therapy in mCRC combines conventional chemotherapy (CHT) (e.g., FOLFOX, FOLFIRI, CAPOX) with a number of agents targeted to specific signaling pathways (TA) (e.g., panitumumab and cetuximab for cases KRAS/NRAS WT, and bevacizumab). Although the response rate to this combination regime exceeds 50%, progression of the disease is almost universal and only less than 10% of patients are free of disease at 2 years. Current clinical trials with second and third line therapy include new TA, such as tyrosin-kinase receptors inhibitors (MET, HER2, IGF-1R), inhibitors of BRAF, MEK, PI3K, AKT, mTORC, NOTCH and JAK1/JAK2, immunotherapy modulators and check point inhibitors (anti-PD-L1 and anti- PD1). Despite the identification of multiple prognostic and predictive biomarkers and signatures, it is still unclear how expression of many of these biomarkers is modulated by CHT and/or TA, thus potentially affecting response to treatment. In this review we analyzed how certain biomarkers in tumor cells and microenvironment influence the response to new TA and immune-therapies strategies in mCRC pre-treated patients.
In recent decades, EGFR-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) have been proven to be an effective therapy for EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, resistance to EGFR-TKIs limits their clinical application. In the present study, we investigate the antitumor effect and underlying mechanism of a novel pyrimidine-2,4-diamine derivative, cyy-287, in NSCLC. We find that cyy-287 has a high affinity for lung tissue and inhibits the proliferation of NSCLC cells. Interestingly, the significant suppression of migration and induction of apoptosis by cyy-287 are only observed in EGFR-driven but not in EGFR-wild-type (wt) cells. According to the RNA sequencing and KEGG enrichment analysis results, cyy-287 markedly inhibits the MAPK pathway in EGFR-driven PC9 cells, and western blot analysis results further indicate that cyy-287 selectively blocks the ERK pathway in EGFR-driven cells. Meanwhile, apoptosis induced by cyy-287 could be partially reversed by ERK pathway inhibition. Further experiment indicates that cyy-287 inhibits the EGFR pathway in both EGFR-driven and EGFR-overexpressing cells. Interestingly, it only induces apoptosis in EGFR-driven cells, not in EGFR-overexpressing cells. The growth of EGFR-driven cells is suppressed by cyy-287 in vivo, with fewer side effects. Our results suggest that cyy-287 may be a potential therapeutic drug with promising antitumor effects against NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: Pre-operative risk factors for post-operative ventilation and their influence on survival after pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignancy are unknown. METHODS: Totally 391 patients operated in Hannover, Germany were investigated with multivariable logistic regression and Cox regression modeling to identify independent risk factors for post-operative ventilation >/=6h, patient survival and 90-day mortality. And 84 patients operated in Birmingham, United Kingdom were analyzed to assess the external relevance of findings. RESULTS: Longer operations, history of thrombosis, intra-operative blood transfusion, lower estimated glomerular filtration rates (eGFR) and higher values of the age at operation divided by the Horovitz Quotient independently increased the risk of post-operative ventilation >/= 6h in German patients (n=108; 27.6%) (P<0.050). Blood transfusion and lower pre-operative eGFR levels increased the risk of early death in German patients significantly and independently of established prognostic factors. A history of thrombosis and lower eGFR levels were also independent significant risk factors for 90-day mortality in German patients but not in English patients. None of the English patients received post-operative ventilation. Significantly more German patients were >75 years, had a history of thrombosis, received blood transfusions, and had significantly worse lung function parameters. pT4 tumors were detected in 18 German patients (4.6%), but not in the English patients. CONCLUSIONS: Identified risk factors for post-operative ventilation are clinically relevant in Germany but not in England and may be used to lower mortality risk. The German and the English cohorts displayed significant differences in the approach to patient selection and early post-operative extubation.
BACKGROUND: Axillary disease can be downstaged with neoadjuvant treatment for breast cancer. We attempted to identify factors to consider in determining whether to perform a sentinel lymph node biopsy in patients with biopsy proven axillary metastases (cN+) prior to neoadjuvant treatment. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted on patients at a single tertiary care center who underwent neoadjuvant treatment followed by surgery between 9/2013 and 2/2017. RESULTS: 47% of patients with node positive disease prior to neoadjuvant treatment were downstaged to node negative (ypN0) disease. These patients were more likely to have triple negative or Her2 positive disease than those patients who remained node positive (ypN+) as these were more likely to have hormone receptor positive disease. These patients were also more likely to demonstrate complete clinical imaging response of the primary tumor and axilla on preoperative breast MRI. CONCLUSIONS: Tumor biology and clinical response noted on breast MRI can help guide the decision to perform sentinel lymph node biopsy in patients with axillary node positive disease prior to neoadjuvant treatment.
Denosumab, a monoclonal antibody to the receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (RANKL), might be a novel preventative therapy for BRCA1-mutation carriers at high risk of developing breast cancer. Beyond its well-recognized bone-targeted activity impeding osteoclastogenesis, denosumab has been proposed to interfere with the cross-talk between RANKL-producing sensor cells and cancer-initiating RANK+ responder cells that reside within premalignant tissues of BRCA1-mutation carriers. We herein tested the alternative but not mutually exclusive hypothesis that BRCA1 deficiency might cell-autonomously activate RANKL expression to generate cellular states with cancer stem cell (CSC)-like properties. Using isogenic pairs of normal-like human breast epithelial cells in which the inactivation of a single BRCA1 allele results in genomic instability, we assessed the impact of BRCA1 haploinsufficiency on the expression status of RANK and RANKL. RANK expression remained unaltered but RANKL was dramatically up-regulated in BRCA1mut/+ haploinsufficient cells relative to isogenic BRCA1+/+ parental cells. Neutralizing RANKL with denosumab significantly abrogated the ability of BRCA1 haploinsufficient cells to survive and proliferate as floating microtumors or "mammospheres" under non-adherent/non-differentiating conditions, an accepted surrogate of the relative proportion and survival of CSCs. Intriguingly, CSC-like states driven by epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition or HER2 overexpression traits responded to some extent to denosumab. We propose that breast epithelium-specific mono-allelic inactivation of BRCA1 might suffice to cell-autonomously generate RANKL-addicted, denosumab-responsive CSC-like states. The convergent addiction to a hyperactive RANKL/RANK axis of CSC-like states from genetically diverse breast cancer subtypes might inaugurate a new era of cancer prevention and treatment based on denosumab as a CSC-targeted agent.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most lethal malignancies, and chemotherapy is still an important treatment. It is urgent to develop new medicines because of the limitation and side effects of chemotherapy. 2'-Hydroxyflavanone (2HF) is a citrus-bioflavonoid that is considered to have anti-cancer efficacy. Compared to human pancreatic ductal epithelial cells hTERT-HPNE, more significant growth-inhibitory effects were seen in PDAC cells BxPC-3 and MIA PaCa-2. We showed that apoptosis was induced and that the cell cycle was arrested when cells were treated with 2HF. The expression of the molecular proteins cleaved PARP, cleaved Caspase3, Bax, Bcl-2, CyclinD1, and p27 changed correspondingly. Also, we observed anti-metastatic effects and changes in MMP9, E-cadherin, N-cadherin and Vimentin when cells were treated with a low dose of 2HF. Suppression of STAT3 and EGFR phosphorylation was also identified as a result of treatment with a combination of 2HF and EGFR inhibitors. The in vivo antitumor effects in KPC mice were consistent with those observed in vitro. 2HF has impactful anti-cancer efficacy and sensitizes human pancreatic cancer cells to EGFR inhibitors through the inhibition of STAT3.
Breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease with different molecular drivers regulating its growth, survival and response to therapy. Breast cancer is divided in three major subtypes based on the pattern of expression of hormone receptors and HER2: luminal tumors (or HR positive), HER2 amplified tumors, and the remaining subtypes being collectively referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. While tumors within these subtypes have similar gene-expression patterns, clinical outcomes, and response to therapy, this division is far from perfect and subgroups within these groups are beginning to be identified. In terms of therapy, an increasingly rational drug development effort has resulted in agents against new molecular targets that are active against only those tumors with the targeted molecular alteration or phenotype. These agents include receptor and non-receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (HER1, HER2, HER3, insulin-like growth factor receptor, c-met, fibroblast growth factor receptor and HSP 90 inhibitors), intracellular signaling pathways (PI3K, AKT, mTOR), angiogenesis inhibitors and agents that interfere with DNA repair (PARP inhibitors). Thus, the overall management of breast cancer will increasingly require an understanding of breast cancer heterogeneicity, the biological nature of any given tumor as well the existence of increased personalized treatment options.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP), or ATP-binding cassette subfamily G member 2 (ABCG2), is an ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter that mediates energy-dependent transport of substrate drugs out of the cell. Its overexpression may contribute to intrinsic drug resistance in vitro. However, the current literature has not yet clarified the clinical significance of BCRP/ABCG2 in invasive breast carcinoma. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to validate the expression of BCRP/ABCG2 in invasive breast carcinoma and its role in response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. METHODS: In this study, a pretherapeutic core biopsy was performed in 222 patients. BCRP/ABCG2 expression in carcinoma tissue was measured by immunohistochemistry. BCRP/ABCG2 expression correlations with clinicopathological features, molecular subtypes, and therapy response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy were investigated. RESULTS: The results showed that BCRP/ABCG2 was expressed in different molecular subtypes. The proportions of patients with high BCRP/ABCG2 expression were similar in luminal A and luminal B tumors (luminal B, 80%; luminal A, 78%), compared with other molecular subtypes (triple-negative, 63%; HER2+, 58%, p = 0.05). BCRP/ABCG2 expression and the number of lymphatic metastases (p = 0.001) and tumor size (p = 0.011) demonstrated a statistically significant correlation. Low BCRP/ABCG2 expression was associated with an increased pathological complete response (pCR) rate of 38%, higher than the 19% in tumors with high BCRP/ABCG2 expression (p = 0.002). In multivariable analysis, BCRP/ABCG2 and hormone receptor (HR) expression were identified as independent risk factors of pCR (p = 0.003 and p = 0.013, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: BCRP/ABCG2 is highly expressed in HR-positive breast cancer. High BCRP/ABCG2 expression is associated with lymphatic metastasis, tumor size, and poor pCR. BCRP/ABCG2 may be a novel potential biomarker that can predict clinical progression and therapy response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
This study reports a case of HER2-positive, RAS-mutant, microsatellite-stable (MSS) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) exhibiting intrinsic resistance to 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemotherapy and bevacizumab. Despite multiple lines of prior systemic therapy, the patient achieved significant tumor shrinkage and durable disease control with a combination of PD-1 blockade and a HER2-targeted antibody-drug conjugate (ADC), resulting in a progression-free survival (PFS) exceeding 10 months. Based on this case, we review the current landscape of immunotherapy and ADCs in mCRC, emphasizing the emerging potential of combination strategies for patients harboring rare molecular profiles such as HER2-positive, RAS-mutant MSS tumors. In addition, we discuss the importance of HER2 testing in CRC and the available diagnostic modalities, including immunohistochemistry (IHC), fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH), next-generation sequencing (NGS), and liquid biopsy. Given the heterogeneity of HER2 expression in CRC, optimizing testing strategies and treatment selection remains a critical research priority. This review underscores the need for large prospective studies and biomarker-driven trials to refine treatment approaches and improve outcomes in this challenging patient population.
AIM: The aims of this study were to explore individualized treatment method for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients whose maximum tumor size was less than 5 cm to improve prognosis and survival quality. METHODS: Thirty cases of primary HCC patients undergoing tumor resection were retrospectively analyzed (resection group). All the tumors were proved as primary HCC with pathologic examination. The patients were divided into two groups according to follow-up results: group A, with tumor recurrence within 1 year after resection; group B, without tumor recurrence within 1 year. Immunohistochemical stainings were performed using 11 kinds of monoclonal antibodies (AFP, c-erbB2, c-met, c-myc, HBsAg, HCV, Ki-67, MMP-2, nm23-H1, P53, and VEGF), and expressing intensities were quantitatively analyzed. Regression equation using factors affecting prognosis of HCC was constructed with binary logistic method. HCC patients undergoing percutaneous microwave coagulation therapy (PMCT) were also retrospectively analyzed (PMCT group). Immunohistochemical stainings of tumor biopsy samples were performed with molecules related to HCC prognosis, staining intensities were quantitatively analyzed, coincidence rate of prediction was calculated. RESULTS: In resection group, the expressing intensities of c-myc, Ki-67, MMP-2 and VEGF in cancer tissue in group A were significantly higher than those in group B (t = 2.97, P = 0.01; t = 2.42, P = 0.03<0.05; t = 2.57, P = 0.02<0.05; t = 3.43, P = 0.004<0.01, respectively); the expressing intensities of 11 kinds of detected molecules in para-cancer tissue in groups A and B were not significantly different (P>0.05). The regression equation predicting prognosis of HCC is as follows: P(1) = 1/[1+e(-(3.663-0.412mycc-2.187Ki-67c-0.397vegfc))]. It demonstrates that prognosis of HCC in resection group was related with c-myc, Ki-67 and VEGF expressing intensity in cancer tissue. In PMCT group, the expressing intensities of c-myc, Ki-67 and VEGF in cancer tissue in group A were significantly higher than those in group B (t = 4.57, P = 0.000<0.01; t = 2.08, P = 0.04<0.05; t = 2.38, P = 0.02<0.05, respectively); the expressing intensities of c-myc, Ki-67 and VEGF in para-cancer tissue in groups A and B were not significantly different (P>0.05). The coincidence rate of patients undergoing PMCT in group A was 88.00% (22/25), in group B 68.75% (11/16), the total coincidence rate was 80.49% (33/41). CONCLUSION: The regression equation is accurate and feasible and could be used for predicting prognosis of HCC, it helps to select treatment method (resection or PMCT) for HCC patients to realize individualized treatment to improve prognosis.
Breast cancer is the most frequent cancer amongst women worldwide including in Asia where the incidence rate is rapidly increasing. Even with treatment, around 30% of patients with early breast cancer progress to metastatic disease, with hormone receptor positive (HR+) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative (HER2-) breast cancer the most common phenotype. First-line endocrine therapy targeting the estrogen receptor signaling pathway provides a median progression-free survival or time to progression of 6-15 months in HR + HER2- metastatic breast cancer. Recently, cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibitors, combined with endocrine therapy, have achieved more than two years median progression-free survival in HR + HER2- metastatic breast cancer. However, the characteristics of the Asian breast cancer population differ from those of Western populations and need to be considered when selecting a suitable treatment. Breast cancer is diagnosed at a younger age in Asian populations and late stage at presentation is generally more common in low-/middle-income countries than high-income countries. Consequently, the proportion of premenopausal women with metastatic breast cancer is higher in Asian compared with Western populations. While CDK4/6 inhibitors have been approved in the USA (FDA) since 2015, experience with them in Asia is more limited. We review the experience with the CDK4/6 inhibitor palbociclib in Asian patients with HR + HER2- metastatic breast cancer and provide guidance on the use of palbociclib in these patients.
OBJECTIVE: Glucose transporter-1 is a marker involved in energy transport in cancer cells. It has been shown to be a poor prognostic factor in many cancer types, including breast cancer. However, there is no satisfactory parameter predicting treatment in breast cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy. This study investigated the effect of glucose transporter-1 in predicting the treatment response of patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy. METHODS: In this study, glucose transporter-1 immunohistochemistry was applied to tru-cut biopsy of patients who were diagnosed with breast cancer and received neoadjuvant therapy between 2010 and 2021. A built-in scoring system was used to evaluate both the pattern and intensity of glucose transporter-1 immunohistochemistry staining. The relationship between glucose transporter-1 immunohistochemistry staining and other clinicopathological parameters was examined. In addition, the relationship of glucose transporter-1 with response to treatment was investigated. RESULTS: A relationship was found between high glucose transporter-1 expression and other clinicopathological parameters (such as estrogen and progesterone receptor negativity, high Ki-67, triple-negative, and Her2 status). Cases with high glucose transporter-1 expression had either a complete or a partial pathologic response. The result was statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Glucose transporter-1 has the potential to be a biomarker that can be evaluated more objectively as an alternative to Ki-67 labeling index in evaluating the response to treatment in patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy.
Gefitinib (Iressa) is a selective inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase. Recent studies confirmed that gefitinib interacted with the breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) at submicromolar concentrations, whereas other multidrug transporters, including P-glycoprotein (P-gp), showed much lower reactivity toward gefitinib. Recently, many tracers for positron emission tomography (PET) have been prepared to study P-gp function in vivo; however, PET tracers had not been evaluated for both P-gp and BCRP modulation in the brain. Therefore, we evaluated in vivo brain penetration-mediated P-gp and BCRP in mice using [(11)C]gefitinib. Co-injection with gefitinib (over 50 mg/kg), a nonspecific P-gp modulator cyclosporin A (50 mg/kg), and the dual P-gp and BCRP modulator GF120918 (over 5 mg/kg) induced an increase in the brain uptake of [(11)C]gefitinib in mice 30 min after injection. In the PET study of mice, the radioactivity level in the brain with co-injection of GF120918 (5 mg/kg) was three- to fourfold higher than that in control after initial uptake. The radioactivity level in the brain in P-gp and Bcrp knockout mice was approximately eightfold higher than that in wild-type mice 60 min after injection. In conclusion, [(11)C]gefitinib is a promising PET tracer to evaluate the penetration of gefitinib into the brain by combined therapy with P-gp or BCRP modulators, and into brain tumors. Furthermore, PET study with GF120918 is a promising approach for evaluating brain penetration-mediated P-gp and BCRP.
Targeted therapy for patients with HER2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer has improved overall survival, but many patients still suffer relapse and death from the disease. Intratumor heterogeneity of both estrogen receptor (ER) and HER2 expression has been proposed to play a key role in treatment failure, but little work has been done to comprehensively study this heterogeneity at the single-cell level. In this study, we explored the clinical impact of intratumor heterogeneity of ER protein expression, HER2 protein expression, and HER2 gene copy number alterations. Using combined immunofluorescence and in situ hybridization on tissue sections followed by a validated computational approach, we analyzed more than 13 000 single tumor cells across 37 HER2+ breast tumors. The samples were taken both before and after neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus HER2-targeted treatment, enabling us to study tumor evolution as well. We found that intratumor heterogeneity for HER2 copy number varied substantially between patient samples. Highly heterogeneous tumors were associated with significantly shorter disease-free survival and fewer long-term survivors. Patients for which HER2 characteristics did not change during treatment had a significantly worse outcome. This work shows the impact of intratumor heterogeneity in molecular diagnostics for treatment selection in HER2+ breast cancer patients and the power of computational scoring methods to evaluate in situ molecular markers in tissue biopsies.
Cisplatin and other platinum-containing drugs have played a crucial role in anticancer treatments for over 30 years. However, treatment with cisplatin may cause serious side effects, such as myelosuppression, nausea, ototoxicity, nephrotoxicity, and cell resistance processes. In addition, cardiotonic steroids, particularly digoxin, have recently been suggested to exert potent anticancer effects. Therefore, it is possible that the combined treatment of HeLa cells with cisplatin and digoxin can ameliorate the cytotoxic effects and decrease the side effects of cisplatin. In this study, we demonstrated that the interaction between cisplatin and digoxin had a synergistic effect on cervical cancer cells and a significantly positive cytotoxic and antiproliferative effect on this cell line compared to the control and single cisplatin treatments. Although a decrease in the Na,K-ATPase alpha1 subunit expression was observed in total extracts, its expression remains unchanged in the membrane, as does the Na,K-ATPase activity. The antiproliferative effect of the synergistic treatment appears to depend on Src kinase activation, indicating the possible involvement of the Scr-EGFR-ERK1/2 pathway in the antitumor effect. The inhibition of ERK1/2 provoked the same synergism with 1 muM cisplatin as that observed with 1 nM digoxin plus 1 muM cisplatin but not with 1 nM digoxin. Pretreatment with PP2 during combined treatment abolished the synergistic effect on the antiproliferative activity. Cisplatin and digoxin are already used in the clinical setting; therefore, this study opens possibilities for future clinical trials of combined treatments to improve treatment outcomes with a lower incidence of toxicity and side effects.
BACKGROUND: This study was to determine preoperative serum levels of epidermal growth factor (EGF), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and C-reactive protein (CRP) in stage III colon cancer and correlate them with disease status and prognosis. The circulating EGF in correlation with primary site epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was also evaluated. METHODS: Seventy-seven patients with curatively resected stage III colon cancer were selected for analysis. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to determine EGF and IL-6 serum levels, and serum CRP levels were measured via immunoturbidimetry. EGFR expression was observed with immunohistochemical studies. RESULTS: The median levels of EGFR, IL-6, and CRP were 189.4 pg/mL, 9.09 pg/mL, and 1.4 mg/mL, respectively. The factors related to recurrence with statistical significance included positive node status (P = 0.041), lymphovascular invasion (P = 0.001), and preoperative IL-6 level >/=9 pg/mL (P = 0.020). CRP and EGF levels were not significantly associated with disease-free survival rates (P = 0.438 and P = 0.309, respectively). Multivariate analysis using Cox's proportion model revealed that lymph node status was the single independent prognostic factor for predicting time until recurrence (odds ratio, 4.99; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-22.91; P = 0.038). CONCLUSION: IL-6 expression in stage III colon cancer patients appears to be a prognostic marker of tumor behavior. No correlations between serum EGF concentrations and tumor EGFR positivity were found in this study.
Indazole is a significant class of heterocyclic compounds with a wide range of biological activity. We display here the synthesis and biological evaluation of a novel series of indazole derivatives 6a-v, which are differently substituted at the 6-position of the indazole moiety. The antiproliferative activity of compounds 6a-v was tested against four human cancer cell lines, using the MTT assay and doxorubicin as the reference drug. Compounds 6f, 6i, 6j, 6 s, and 6n were the most effective synthesized derivatives, with GI(50) values of 0.77, 0.86, 1.05, 1.05, and 1.07 microM, respectively, against the 4 cell lines, in comparison to the control doxorubicin (GI(50) = 1.10 microM). Compounds 6f, 6i, 6j, and 6 s the most potent derivatives as antiproliferative agents, displayed the utmost inhibitory activity against EGFR, and CDK2 and c-Met. Compounds 6f, 6n, and 6 s induced apoptosis through cytochrome C overexpression and activation of the intrinsic apoptotic pathway generated by the investigated compounds.
BACKGROUND: Osimertinib has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the United States (US) for the treatment of progressive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that has acquired T790M mutation during treatment with first-line epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKI). We compared the progression-free survival (PFS) of patients whose T790M mutation was identified by tissue rebiopsy with those by plasma-based biopsy. METHODS: This is a retrospective single-center cohort study conducted in Queen Mary Hospital, Hong Kong S.A.R. that included 118 Chinese patients with advanced NSCLC who had disease progression after treatment with a first-line EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and received osimertinib upon detection of T790M mutation, either by tissue rebiopsy or plasma-based biopsy (by identification of circulating tumor DNA in the peripheral circulation). The primary endpoint is PFS. RESULTS: Patients with T790M mutation detected by tissue rebiopsy (n = 22) had significantly better PFS than those by plasma-based biopsy (n = 96) (median PFS: 415 vs 224 days, P = .018) Hazard ratio for PFS, in favor of the tissue rebiopsy group, was 0.496 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.277-0.889). CONCLUSIONS: For patients who have NSCLC that progressed after first-line EGFR-TKI, rebiopsy by peripheral blood liquid biopsy and tissue rebiopsy for T790M mutation may have prognostic implication in terms of differences in PFS.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is a spectrum of heterogeneous malignancies. A variety of genetic, environmental, and lifestyle factors contribute to the development of HNSCC. Carcinogenesis is a multistep process in which cell proliferation-associated oncogenes and cell-cycle regulation-associated tumor suppressor genes are dysregulated, resulting in premalignant lesions. Immune evasion is a critical step in the progression of benign lesions to advanced cancer. This review discusses the advances that have been made in chemoprevention strategies for HNSCC. The rationale for the use of chemopreventive agents to inhibit head and neck cancer development is highlighted by the positive outcomes of several clinical trials. We discuss the potential of some of the commonly studied agents including vitamin A analogs, EGFR inhibitors, COX-2 inhibitors, metabolic modulators, and natural compounds such as green tea, as well as immunotherapy and photodynamic therapy to prevent HNSCC. Our review provides insight into the potential benefits of these agents and the gaps that remain to be addressed. The published results reaffirm the promise of chemoprevention in head and neck cancer and suggest that continued exploration is needed to overcome the limitations. Because the current focus on chemopreventive agents is limited, major efforts in precision oncology approaches and substantial increase in funding will promote research into chemoprevention, which will eventually decrease the incidence of HNSCC.
EGFR-mutant lung cancer (LC) patients display a poor response to PD-1/PD-L1 blockade. In the absence of independent genetic validation, whether EGFR mutation distorts host antitumor immunity is unknown. Here, we showed that in the clinic, LC with the E746-A750 deletion mutation (EGFR-19del) displayed a temporal association with the loss of intratumoral CD8+ T cells. In a xenograft model, EGFR-19del-expressing Lewis lung cancer (LLC) tumors had a low T cell density at the early stage of tumor development, along with dendritic cells (DCs) exhibiting variant phenotypes in the tumors and draining lymph nodes (LNs). Importantly, EGFR-19del DCs were observed in the LNs of tumor-bearing mice and LC patients. The proliferative activity of T cells within the LN was significantly dampened. In vitro experiments indicated that the function of DCs was repressed by EGFR-19del LLC cells through exosome uptake in which exosomes derived from the EGFR-19del LLC cells could efficiently transfer active EGFR-19del to the surface of the DCs. Injection of EGFR-19del tumor-derived exosomes promoted LLC tumor progression and induced immunosuppression. The combination of gefitinib and GM-CSF treatment recovered tumor T cell infiltration in EGFR-19del tumors by rescuing the function of DCs and increasing the efficacy of anti-PD-L1 treatment. Together, these results indicated that LC with the EGFR E746-A750 deletion mutation induced anergic DCs to repress antitumor immunity through exosomes.
BACKGROUND: The human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) genes have been described in a subset of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To help identify and treat these patients, we investigated the frequency, clinicopathologic characteristics, and clinical outcomes of patients who had NSCLC with or without HER2 insertions. METHODS: The mutational status of the HER2 (exons 19-20) gene was assessed in a cohort of 1875 patients with NSCLC. All patients were also analyzed for mutations in EGFR, KRAS, BRAF, ALK, RET, and ROS1. Clinical characteristics, including age, sex, smoking status, stage, histology, tumor size, differentiation, overall survival, and relapse-free survival, were collected. RESULTS: Among 1875 NSCLCs examined, 35 (1.9 %) were HER2 insertion. Compared with the HER2 insertion-negative group, patients with HER2 insertions were more likely to be never smokers (97.1 %, 34/35 patients, P < 0.001), significantly associated with female (91.4 %, 32/35 patients, P < 0.001), adenocarcinoma (91.4 %, 32/35 patients, P = 0.01), and with a tendency to be no more than 60 years of age (71.4 %, 25/35 patients, P = 0.051). CONCLUSIONS: HER2 insertion could define a distinct subset of NSCLC, which had a higher prevalence among females, nonsmokers, and adenocarcinoma. HER2 should be in the clinical genotyping of lung cancer, so patients may benefit from HER2-targeted therapy.
PURPOSE: This phase II study evaluated efficacy of single-agent erlotinib for chemotherapy-naive patients with advanced/metastatic NSCLC who were ineligible for platinum doublets. METHODS: Chemotherapy-naive patients but ineligible for platinum doublets (aged 18-75 with an ECOG performance status [PS] 2-3; or aged 76 or older with an ECOG PS 1-3) were enrolled and treated with erlotinib 100 mg once daily till disease progression, unacceptable toxicity or patient's refusal. RESULTS: Out of 24 patients enrolled, 5 reached a PR, giving an overall response rate of 21%, but all responders were never-smokers with adenocarcinoma. According to EGFR mutation status, PR was observed in two of three patients having mutant EGFR (67%) but in one of nine having wild-type EGFR (11%). With a median follow-up of 22.6 months, the median progression-free and overall survival was 1.5 months and 3.2 months, respectively. All responders to post-erlotinib chemotherapy had responded to prior erlotinib. CONCLUSIONS: For unselected chemotherapy-naive Asian patients with NSCLC but ineligible for platinum doublets, empirical use of upfront erlotinib could not be recommended because of poor survival outcome. However, this can be given to selected subsets based on molecular or clinical predictors.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)-carrying specific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations can be effectively treated by a tyrosine kinase inhibitor such as gefitinib. However, the inevitable development of acquired resistance leads to the eventual failure of therapy. In this study, we show the combination effect of omega-3 fatty acid-enriched fish oil (FO) and selenium (Se) on reversing the acquired gefitinib-resistance of HCC827 NSCLC cells. The gefitinib-resistant subline HCC827GR possesses lowered proapoptotic CHOP (CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein homologous protein) and elevated cytoprotective GRP78 (glucose regulated protein of a 78 kDa molecular weight) endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response elements, and it has elevated beta-catenin and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) levels. Combining FO and Se counteracts the above features of HCC827GR cells, accompanied by the suppression of their raised epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cancer stem markers, such as vimentin, AXL, N-cadherin, CD133, CD44, and ABCG2. Accordingly, an FO and Se combination augments the gefitinib-mediated growth inhibition and apoptosis of HCC827GR cells, along with the enhanced activation of caspase -3, -9, and ER stress-related caspase-4. Intriguingly, gefitinib further increases the elevated ABCG2 and cancer stem-like side population in HCC827GR cells, which can also be diminished by the FO and Se combination. The results suggest the potential of combining FO and Se in relieving the acquired resistance of NSCLC patients to targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND: Four large clinical trials have shown that concurrent administration of an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), such as gefitinib or erlotinib, with chemotherapy agents does not improve overall survival (OS) in unselected patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In the present study, the role of autophagy in the combination of gefitinib and cisplatin on EGFR-TKI-sensitive human lung cancer cell line was investigated. Moreover, whether simultaneous autophagy inhibition treatment increases the antitumor activity was explored. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The PC9 cell was exposed to either gefitinib or cisplatin alone or together. Cell viability was measured using the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay. The cytotoxic interaction between gefitinib and cisplatin was determined using coefficient of drug interaction (CDI) analysis. The cell cycle distribution and apoptosis were measured using flow cytometry. Alterations in the autophagy and apoptosis signaling pathway were measured using Western blot assays. RESULTS: Coadministration of gefitinib and cisplatin resulted in antagonistic activity to tumor cell proliferation. However, the addition of chloroquine (CQ), an autophagy inhibitor, overcame the antagonistic effects, as demonstrated by CDI analysis and Annexin V-FITC/propidium iodide (PI) assays. In addition, gefitinib administration led to cell G1 phase arrest, which might have contributed to the antagonistic activity between gefitinib and cisplatin. However, the addition of CQ did not deregulate cell cycle arrest, indicating that other mechanisms might be involved. The Annexin V-FITC/PI assays showed that the addition of CQ significantly the increased the ratio of apoptosis cells. Also, immunoblotting assays exhibited increased Bax and decreased Bcl-2, suggesting that autophagy inhibition by CQ could increase cell apoptosis and thus overcome the antagonistic effects. CONCLUSION: The combination of gefitinib with cisplatin generates antagonistic effects on EGFR-TKI-sensitive cells. However, inhibiting autophagy produces a synergistic effect, suggesting that gefitinib and cisplatin combined with an autophagy inhibitor (especially CQ) might be a beneficial strategy to overcome the antagonistic effects between EGFR-TKIs and chemotherapeutic agents.
AIM: To characterise risk of anaphylaxis/hypersensitivity with intravenous pertuzumab plus trastuzumab (PH IV), the fixed-dose combination of pertuzumab and trastuzumab for subcutaneous injection (PH FDC SC) or concomitant chemotherapy to support potential administration of PH FDC SC by healthcare professionals outside clinics. METHODS: A cumulative search for anaphylaxis/hypersensitivity (Roche Standard Adverse Event Group Terms) was performed for all pivotal trials cited in the current EMA P IV/PH FDC SC summaries of product characteristics: MBC: NCT00567190, NCT02402712; EBC: NCT01358877, NCT00545688, NCT00976989, NCT02132949, NCT03493854 and NCT03674112. Occurrence, incidence and severity of events were analysed and a time-trend analysis (by cycle) was performed. RESULTS: This analysis includes 4772 patients who received PH IV and/or PH FDC SC. Incidence of all-grade (grade >/=3) anaphylaxis/hypersensitivity events: 3-11% (</=2%) for PH IV MBC trials; 1-13% (0-3%) for PH IV EBC trials; and 2-3% (<1%; not related to PH FDC SC) for PH FDC SC EBC trials. Discontinuations due to anaphylaxis/hypersensitivity were rare for PH IV (generally <1% except two arms of TRYPHAENA: 1% and 3%); no discontinuations of PH FDC SC have been recorded so far. Time-trend analysis showed that most events were reported during the first 6-8 cycles with concurrent chemotherapy, with a decrease in later cycles (except MetaPHER). CONCLUSION: PH IV and PH FDC SC were well tolerated, with few grade >/=3 anaphylaxis/hypersensitivity events reported with PH IV and no grade >/=3 related events with PH FDC SC. Most events occurred during chemotherapy.
INTRODUCTION: Our objective was to compare [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) and [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) radioimmunotherapy (RIT) agents for decreasing the clonogenic survival fraction (SF) in vitro of EGFR-positive human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cell lines and estimate the relative biological effectiveness (RBE) vs. gamma-radiation (XRT). METHODS: EGFR-positive PDAC cell lines (AsPC-1, PANC-1, MIAPaCa-2, Capan-1) and EGFR-knockout PANC-1 EGFR KO cells were treated in vitro for 18 h with (0-19.65 MBq; 72 nmols/L) of [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) or [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) or XRT (0-8 Gy) followed by clonogenic assay. The SF was determined after culturing single treated cells for 14 d. Cell fractionation studies were performed for cells incubated with 1 MBq (72 nmols/L) of [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) or [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) for 1, 4, or 24 h to estimate the time-integrated activity (A) on the cell surface, cytoplasm, nucleus and medium. Radiation absorbed doses in the nucleus were calculated by multiplying A by S-factors calculated by Monte Carlo N Particle (MCNP) modeling using monolayer cell culture geometry. The SF of PDAC cells was plotted vs. dose and fitted to a linear quadratic model to estimate the dose required to decrease the SF to 0.1 (D(10)). The D(10) for RIT agents were compared to XRT to estimate the RBE. DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) caused by [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) or [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) continuous exposure for 5 h or 20 h were probed by immunofluorescence for gamma-H2AX. Relative EGFR expression of PDAC cells was assessed by flow cytometry (scored + to +++) and cell doubling times for untreated cells were determined. RESULTS: The D(10) for [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) ranged from 9.1 Gy (PANC-1) to 39.9 Gy (Capan-1). The D(10) for [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) ranged from 11.7 Gy (AsPC-1) to 170.8 Gy (Capan-1). The D(10) for XRT ranged from 2.5 Gy (Capan-1) to 6.7 Gy (PANC-1 EGFR KO). D(10) values were not correlated with EGFR expression over a relatively narrow range (++ to +++) or with cell doubling times. Based on D(10) values, PANC-1 EGFR KO cells were 1.6-fold less sensitive than PANC-1 cells to [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) and 1.9-fold less sensitive to [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2). The RBE for [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) ranged from 0.06 for Capan-1 cells to 0.45 for PANC-1 cells. The RBE for [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) ranged from 0.015 for Capan-1 cells to 0.28 for AsPC-1 cells. DNA DSBs were detected in PDAC cells exposed to [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) or [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) but were not correlated with the SF of the cells. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that at the same dose delivered to the cell nucleus [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) and [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) were less radiobiologically effective than XRT for decreasing the SF of human PDAC cells, but [(64)Cu]Cu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) was more cytotoxic than [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2) except for AsPC-1 cells which were more sensitive to [(177)Lu]Lu-NOTA-panitumumab F(ab')(2). ADVANCES IN KNOWLEDGE AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PATIENT CARE: This study demonstrates that higher radiation doses may be required for RIT than XRT to achieve radiobiologically equivalent effects when used to treat PDAC.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs or miRs) are a family of small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by the sequence-selective targeting of mRNAs, leading to translational repression or mRNA degradation, depending on the degree of complementarity with target mRNA sequences. miRNAs play a crucial role in cancer. In the case of breast tumors, several studies have demonstrated a correlation between: i) the expression profile of oncogenic miRNAs (oncomiRs) and tumor suppressor miRNAs; and ii) the tumorigenic potential of triple-negative [estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and Her2/neu] primary breast cancers. Among the miRNAs involved in breast cancer, miR-221 plays a crucial role for the following reasons: i) miR-221 is significantly overexpressed in triple-negative primary breast cancer; ii) the oncosuppressor p27Kip1, a validated miR-221 target is downregulated in aggressive cancer cell lines; and iii) the upregulation of a key transcription factor, Slug, appears to be crucial, since it binds to the miR-221/miR-222 promoter and is responsible for the high expression of the miR-221/miR-222 cluster in breast cancer cells. A Slug/miR-221 network has been suggested, linking miR-221 activity with the downregulation of a Slug repressor, leading to Slug/miR-221 upregulation and p27Kip1 downregulation. Interference with this process can be achieved using antisense miRNA (antagomiR) molecules targeting miR-221, inducing the downregulation of Slug and the upregulation of p27Kip1.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and human EGFR 2 (HER2) have an important role in the initiation and progression of various types of cancer. Inhibitors targeting these receptor tyrosine kinases are some of the most successful targeted anticancer drugs widely used for cancer treatment; however, cancer cells have mechanisms of intrinsic and acquired drug resistance that pose as major obstacles in drug efficacy. Extensive studies from both clinical and laboratory research have identified several molecular mechanisms underlying resistance. Among them is the role of signaling cross-talk between the EGFR/HER2 and other signaling pathways. In this review, we focus particularly on this signaling cross-talk at the receptor, mediator and effector levels, and further discuss alternative approaches to overcome resistance. In addition to well-recognized signaling cross-talk involved in the resistance, we also introduce the cross-talk between EGFR/HER2-mediated pathways and pathways triggered by other types of receptors, including those of the Notch, Wnt and TNFR/IKK/NF-kappaB pathways, and discuss the potential role of targeting this cross-talk to sensitize cells to EGFR/HER2 inhibitors.
BACKGROUND: There have been few data on the chemotherapy in elderly advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with poor performance status (PS), and usefulness of chemotherapy for such patients remains unclear. The objective of this study was to identify factors that predicted the survival benefit of chemotherapy. METHODS: All consecutive elderly patients (>/=75 years) with advanced NSCLC, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group PS >/=2, EGFR mutation wild type/unknown, and newly diagnosed from January 2009 to December 2012 at a tertiary hospital were retrospectively reviewed. RESULTS: We enrolled 59 patients, and 31 patients received at least one chemotherapy regimen (chemotherapy group). However, 28 patients received best supportive care (BSC) alone (BSC group). The proportion of PS 2 and serum albumin levels was significantly higher in the chemotherapy group than in the BSC group. In the chemotherapy group, log-rank testing did not show statistically significant differences in overall survival (OS) between the single-agent therapy group and carboplatin-based doublet therapy group; however, the OS of patients receiving chemotherapy for only 1 cycle (early termination) was significantly shorter than patients receiving chemotherapy for >/=2 cycles. Hypoalbuminemia was not only a risk factor for the early termination of chemotherapy but also an independent prognostic factor in the chemotherapy group. A receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that the best cut-off value was 3.40 g/dL. In patients with serum albumin levels >/=3.40 g/dL, OS was significantly better in the chemotherapy group than in the BSC group (p = 0.0156), however, patients with serum albumin levels <3.40 g/dL exhibited poor prognosis regardless of the presence or absence of chemotherapy. CONCLUSION: In the elderly NSCLC patients with poor PS, serum albumin levels may help identify certain patient populations more likely to receive a survival benefit of systemic chemotherapy.
The efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as gefitinib and erlotinib in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is often limited by the emergence of drug resistance conferred either by a secondary T790M mutation of EGFR or by acquired amplification of the MET gene. We now show that the extent of activation of the tyrosine kinase Src is markedly increased in gefitinib-resistant NSCLC (HCC827 GR) cells with MET amplification compared with that in the gefitinib-sensitive parental (HCC827) cells. In contrast, the extent of Src activation did not differ between gefitinib-resistant NSCLC (PC9/ZD) cells harboring the T790M mutation of EGFR and the corresponding gefitinib-sensitive parental (PC9) cells. This activation of Src in HCC827 GR cells was largely abolished by the MET-TKI PHA-665752 but was only partially inhibited by gefitinib, suggesting that Src activation is more dependent on MET signaling than on EGFR signaling in gefitinib-resistant NSCLC cells with MET amplification. Src inhibitors blocked Akt and Erk signaling pathways, resulting in both suppression of cell growth and induction of apoptosis, in HCC827 GR cells as effectively as did the combination of gefitinib and PHA-665752. Furthermore, Src inhibitor dasatinib inhibited tumor growth in HCC827 GR xenografts to a significantly greater extent than did treatment with gefitinib alone. These results provide a rationale for clinical targeting of Src in gefitinib-resistant NSCLC with MET amplification.
The purpose of this review is to summarize the background and latest evidence for the use of palbociclib, an oral, first-in-class, highly selective cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitor, in advanced breast cancer, with a focus on some of the unanswered questions about the performance of this agent in clinical practice. The available clinical data from both controlled clinical trials and real-life experiences concerning palbociclib-based combinations in patients with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) metastatic disease, including patient-reported outcomes and subgroup analyses, have been reviewed and discussed. Palbociclib significantly improved progression-free survival and clinical benefit rates when added to letrozole in postmenopausal women as initial endocrine-based therapy, and it prolonged progression-free survival and overall survival when added to fulvestrant in women who progressed on previous endocrine therapy in randomized clinical trials. Tolerability profile was manageable, with neutropenia occurring most commonly, without detrimental impact on quality of life. Available data from real-life experiences confirm the good performance of palbociclib in unselected, heavily pretreated populations. Palbociclib in combination with endocrine therapy is a valuable emerging option for patients with HR+/HER2- advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Further investigation is needed to provide solutions for palbociclib resistance and to identify the best sequence to use for the best patient benefit with a minimal toxicity.
BACKGROUND: We are conducting clinical vaccine trials with the HER2/neu peptide, E75, in patients with breast cancer. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate clonal expansion of E75-specific CD8(+) T cells and to identify intra- and interantigenic epitope spreading. METHOD: Pre- and postvaccination peripheral blood leukocyte samples (24 node positive [NP] and 20 node negative [NN]) from 44 vaccinated patients were analyzed. HLA-A2:Ig dimer molecules were loaded with the HER2 peptides, E75 or GP2, and were used with anti-TcR and CD8 antibodies to stain peripheral blood leukocyte immediately ex vivo and were analyzed with flow cytometry. In 8 randomly selected patients, dimers were loaded with the folate binding protein peptide E41 to evaluate for interantigenic epitope spreading. RESULTS: All patients with NP and 95% of the patients with NN showed E75-specific clonal expansion. Patients with NN showed more robust expansion. All patients with NP and 85% of the patients with NN showed evidence of intra-antigenic epitope that was spreading to GP2. However, patients with NN showed only moderate expansion to this subdominant epitope, which was not included in the immunizing mix. The degree of HER2/neu expression and disease stage impacted the ability to expand clonally E75- and GP2-specific CD8(+) T cells. Evidence of interantigenic epitope spreading to E41 was shown in 63% of the patients who were tested. CONCLUSION: Our data provide evidence for the induction of intra- and interantigenic epitope spreading that results from a single HER2/neu peptide vaccine even in early staged patients. The ability to raise immunity to multiple tumor antigens depends on both the degree of HER2/neu expression and the extent of disease. Epitope spreading is an essential element for the success of a peptide vaccine strategy.
An Erlotinib triphenylphosphane gold(I) conjugate has been prepared from AuCl(PPh(3)) and its crystal structure has been established by X-ray diffraction, showing a metallo-helicate formation. IC(50) values of the new gold conjugate were calculated towards a panel of human tumor cell lines representative of breast (MCF-7, MDA-MB-231) and colon (HT-29) cancer cells. Overall, the gold conjugate exhibited higher cytotoxic activity than that of Erlotinib against the cancer cells studied. Particularly, the antiproliferative effect of the conjugate demonstrated to be 68-fold higher than Erlotinib in highly metastatic and triple negative MDA-MB-231 cell line. The gold conjugate caused DNA damage, reactive oxygen species (ROS) increase and induced apoptosis. Flow cytometry analysis showed that the conjugate induces significant arrest in S and G(2)/M phases primarily, whereas Erlotinib, as an inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), blocks G(1)/S transition and increases G(1) cell population.
IMPORTANCE: Prospective trials have demonstrated sentinel lymph node (SLN) false-negative rates of less than 10% when 3 or more SLNs are retrieved in patients with clinically node-positive breast cancer rendered clinically node-negative with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). However, rates of nodal recurrence in such patients treated with SLN biopsy (SLNB) alone are unknown because axillary lymph node dissection (ALND) was performed in all patients, limiting adoption of this approach. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate nodal recurrence rates in a consecutive cohort of patients with clinically node-positive (cN1) breast cancer receiving NAC, followed by a negative SLNB using a standardized technique, and no further axillary surgery. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: From November 2013 to February 2019, a cohort of consecutively identified patients with cT1 to cT3 biopsy-proven N1 breast cancer rendered cN0 by NAC underwent SLNB with dual tracer mapping and omission of ALND if 3 or more SLNs were identified and all were pathologically negative. Metastatic nodes were not routinely clipped, and localization of clipped nodes was not performed. The study was performed in a single tertiary cancer center. INTERVENTION: Omission of ALND in patients with cN1 breast cancer after NAC if 3 or more SLNs were pathologically negative. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was the rate of nodal recurrence among patients with cN1 breast cancer treated with SLNB alone after NAC. RESULTS: Of 610 patients with cN1 breast cancer treated with NAC, 555 (91%) converted to cN0 and underwent SLNB; 234 (42%) had 3 or more negative SLNs and had SLNB alone. The median (IQR) age of these 234 patients was 49 (40-58) years; median tumor size was 3 cm; 144 (62%) were ERBB2 (formerly HER2)-positive, and 43 (18%) were triple negative. Most (212 [91%]) received doxorubicin-based NAC; 205 (88%) received adjuvant radiotherapy (RT), and 164 (70%) also received nodal RT. At a median follow-up of 40 months, there was 1 axillary nodal recurrence synchronous with local recurrence in a patient who refused RT. Among patients who received RT (n = 205), there were no nodal recurrences. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study found that in patients with cN1 disease rendered cN0 with NAC, with 3 or more negative SLNs with SLNB alone, nodal recurrence rates were low, without routine nodal clipping. These findings potentially support omitting ALND in such patients.
BACKGROUND: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is one of the known oncogenes in urothelial carcinoma. However, the association between HER2 and the prognosis of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma (UUTUC) has not yet been fully clarified. The aim of this study was to evaluate HER2 expression using the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) criteria and American Society of Clinical Oncology/College of American Pathologists (ASCO/CAP) criteria and compare their prognostic significance in UUTUC. METHODS: HER2 expression was evaluated in 144 cases of UUTUC by immunohistochemistry (IHC) using tissue microarrays. We separately analyzed HER2 expression using the FDA and ASCO/CAP criteria. The IHC results were categorized into low (0, 1+) and high (2+, 3+) groups. RESULTS: Using the FDA criteria, 94 cases were negative, 38 cases were 1+, nine cases were 2+, and three cases were 3+. Using the ASCO/CAP criteria, 94 cases were negative, 34 cases were 1+, 13 cases were 2+, and three cases were 3+. Four cases showing 2+ according to the ASCO/CAP criteria were reclassified as 1+ by the FDA criteria. High HER2 expression by both the FDA criteria and ASCO/CAP criteria was significantly associated with International Society of Urological Pathology high grade (p = .001 and p < .001). The high HER2 expression group classified with the FDA criteria showed significantly shorter cancer-specific survival (p = .004), but the HER2 high and low expression groups classified with the ASCO/CAP criteria did not show significant differences (p = .161) in cancer-specific survival. CONCLUSIONS: HER2 high expression groups were significantly associated with shorter cancer-specific survival, and our study revealed that the FDA criteria are more suitable for determining HER2 expression in UUTUC.
The Korean traditional medicine, HangAmDan (HAD), was developed in 1996 for use as an antitumor agent, and has since been modified to HADB (an altered form of HAD), in order to potentiate its therapeutic effects. In the present study, the effect of HADB on the proliferation and invasion of NIH:OVCAR3 and SKOV3 human ovarian cancer cell lines was investigated. In addition, the expression of major signal transduction molecules and changes in the proteome in these cells were measured. HADB treatment effectively induced a reduction in the levels of cell proliferation in serumfree conditioned media. However, unaltered levels of PARP and caspase3 indicated that HADB does not reduce proliferation by inducing apoptotic cell death. Fluorescenceactivated cell sorting analysis revealed no significant change in apoptosis following HAD-B treatment. Invasion assay results indicated a reduced rate of invasion following HADB treatment. HADB also influenced the expression of major signal transduction molecules; the phosphorylation of mTOR and AKT was reduced, while that of ERK was increased. Alterations in the proteomes of the two cell lines were investigated following HADB treatment. Among the 9 proteins with differential expression, heatshock protein beta1 (HSP27) was downregulated in NIH:OVCAR3 cells treated with HADB. The reduced expression of HSP27 was associated with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (Her2) downregulation in these cells. In conclusion, the results of the current proteome assessment suggest that HADB has the potential to suppress the proliferation and invasion of human ovarian cancer cells. HADB treatment of NIH:OVCAR3 cells suppressed HSP27 expression and was also associated with Her2 downregulation.
This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of TP (paclitaxel plus carboplatin) chemotherapy combined with trastuzumab and pertuzumab dual-target therapy for HER2-positive breast cancer using serum tumor markers. A total of 96 patients with HER2-positive breast cancer treated at our hospital from January 2021 to January 2023 were selected and randomly divided into a control group and a study group, with 48 cases in each group. The efficacy and safety of the treatments were compared between the two groups. Serum levels of CEA, CA125, and CA153 were measured before and after treatment. After treatment, the overall response rate and disease control rate in the study group were significantly higher than those in the control group (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences in serum levels of CEA, CA125, and CA153 between the two groups before treatment (P > 0.05). However, after treatment, the serum levels of CEA, CA125, and CA153 in the study group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P < 0.05). ROC curve analysis showed that the combined prediction of CEA, CA125, and CA153 had higher AUC, sensitivity, and specificity compared to individual markers. There were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of liver function abnormalities, hemoglobin reduction, platelet reduction, cardiotoxicity, gastrointestinal symptoms, and joint muscle pain (P > 0.05). Evaluating the efficacy of TP (paclitaxel plus carboplatin) chemotherapy combined with trastuzumab and pertuzumab dual-target therapy for HER2-positive breast cancer using serum tumor markers has significant clinical value.
BACKGROUND: The associations between diffusion kurtosis imaging (DKI)-derived parameters and clinical prognostic factors of breast cancer have not been fully evaluated; this knowledge may have implications for outcome prediction and treatment strategies. PURPOSE: To determine associations between quantitative diffusion parameters derived from DKI and diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and the prognostic factors and molecular subtypes of breast cancer. STUDY TYPE: Retrospective. POPULATION: A total of 383 women (mean age, 53.8 years; range, 31-82 years) with breast cancer who underwent preoperative breast MRI including DKI and DWI. FIELD STRENGTH/SEQUENCE: A 3.0 T; DKI using a spin-echo echo-planar imaging (EPI) sequence (b values: 200, 500, 1000, 1500, and 2000 sec/mm(2) ), DWI using a readout-segmented EPI sequence (b values: 0 and 1000 sec/mm(2) ) and dynamic contrast-enhanced breast MRI. ASSESSMENT: Two radiologists (J.Y.K. and H.S.K. with 9 years and 1 year of experience in MRI, respectively) independently measured kurtosis, diffusivity, and apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values of breast cancer by manually placing a regions of interest within the lesion. Diffusion measures were compared according to nodal status, grade, and molecular subtypes. STATISTICAL TESTS: Kruskal-Wallis test, Mann-Whitney U test with Bonferroni correction, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, and multivariate logistic regression analysis. (Statistical significance level of P < 0.05). RESULTS: All diffusion measures showed significant differences according to axillary nodal status and histological grade. Kurtosis showed significant differences among molecular subtypes. The luminal subtype (median 1.163) showed a higher kurtosis value compared to the HER2-positive (median 0.962) or triple-negative subtypes (median 1.072). ROC analysis for differentiating HER2-positive from luminal subtypes revealed that kurtosis yielded the highest area under the curve of 0.781. In multivariate analyses, kurtosis remained a significant factor associated with differentiation between HER2-positive and luminal (odds ratio [OR] = 0.993), triple-negative and luminal (OR = 0.995), and HER2-positive and triple-negative subtypes (OR = 0.994). DATA CONCLUSION: Quantitative diffusion parameters derived from DKI and DWI are associated with prognostic factors for breast cancer. Moreover, DKI-derived kurtosis can help distinguish between the molecular subtypes of breast cancer. EVIDENCE LEVEL: 4 TECHNICAL EFFICACY: 3.
Purpose BIRCH was designed to examine the efficacy of atezolizumab, a humanized anti-programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) monoclonal antibody, in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) across lines of therapy. Patients were selected on the basis of PD-L1 expression on tumor cells (TC) or tumor-infiltrating immune cells (IC). Patients and Methods Eligible patients had advanced-stage NSCLC, no CNS metastases, and zero to two or more lines of prior chemotherapy. Patients whose tumors expressed PD-L1 using the SP142 immunohistochemistry assay on >/= 5% of TC or IC (TC2/3 or IC2/3 [TC or IC >/= 5% PD-L1-expressing cells, respectively]) were enrolled. Atezolizumab 1,200 mg was administered intravenously every 3 weeks. Efficacy-evaluable patients (N = 659) comprised three cohorts: first line (cohort 1; n = 139); second line (cohort 2; n = 268); and third line or higher (cohort 3; n = 252). The primary end point was independent review facility-assessed objective response rate (ORR; Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] version 1.1). Secondary end points included median duration of response, progression-free survival, and overall survival (OS). Results BIRCH met its primary objective of demonstrating a significant ORR versus historical controls. With a minimum of 12 months of follow-up, the independent review facility-assessed ORR was 18% to 22% for the three cohorts, and 26% to 31% for the TC3 or IC3 subgroup; most responses are ongoing. Responses occurred regardless of EGFR or KRAS mutation status. The median OS from an updated survival analysis (minimum of 20 month follow up) for cohort 1 was 23.5 months (26.9 months for TC3 or IC3 patients); the median OS in cohorts 2 and 3 was 15.5 and 13.2 months, respectively. The safety profile was similar across cohorts and consistent with previous atezolizumab monotherapy trials. Conclusion BIRCH demonstrated responses with atezolizumab monotherapy in patients with PD-L1-selected advanced NSCLC, with good tolerability. PD-L1 status may serve as a predictive biomarker for identifying patients most likely to benefit from atezolizumab.
A series of novel 1,3,4-triarylpyrazoles containing different heterocycles has been prepared, characterized and screened for their in vitro antiproliferative activity against HePG-2, MCF-7, PC-3, A-549 and HCT-116 cancer cell lines. The biological results revealed that compound 6 showed the highest anticancer activity so it was subjected to a kinase assay study where it reduced the activity of several protein kinases including AKT1, AKT2, BRAF V600E, EGFR, p38alpha and PDGFRbeta at 100 muM using the radiometric or ADP-Glo assay method. Molecular docking simulation supported the initial kinase assay and suggested a common mode of interaction at the ATP-binding sites of these kinases, which demonstrates that compound 6 is a potential agent for cancer therapy deserving further research.
Plants provide compounds that can be used to treat diseases, and in silico methods help to expedite drug discovery while reducing costs. This study explored the phytochemical profile of methanol extract of O. alismoides using GC-MS to identify potential bioactive compounds. Autodock 4.2.6. was employed for molecular docking evaluation of the efficacy of these identified compounds against Estrogen Receptor Alpha (ERalpha), Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2), and Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR), proteins. Additionally, the ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, Excretion, and Toxicity) properties of the compounds were predicted using the SwissADME online tool. The preliminary phytochemical analysis revealed the presence of alkaloids, carbohydrates, glycosides, and steroids. During the GC-MS analysis, seven compounds were identified, and drug-likeness prediction of these compounds showed good pharmacokinetic properties having high gastrointestinal absorption, and orally bioavailable. The molecular docking studies exhibited promising binding affinities of bioactive compounds against all target proteins. Specifically, the compounds Tricyclo[5.2.1.0(2,6)]decan-10-ol and 2,2,6-Trichloro-7-oxabicyclo[4.1.0]heptane-1-carboxamide demonstrated the highest binding affinities with the ERalpha (-6.3 and - 6.0 k/cal), HER2 (-5.6 and - 6.1 k/cal), and EGFR (-5.4 and - 5.4 k/cal), respectively. These findings suggest the potential of O. alismoides as a source for developing new cancer therapeutics. The study highlights the effectiveness of in silico approaches for accelerating drug discovery from natural sources and paves the way for further exploration of these promising compounds. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1007/s40203-024-00227-y.
BACKGROUND: Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are mainstays of cancer treatment. However, their clinical benefits are often constrained by acquired resistance. To overcome such outcomes, we have rationally engineered APG-2449 as a novel multikinase inhibitor that is highly potent against oncogenic alterations of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), ROS proto-oncogene 1 receptor tyrosine kinase (ROS1), and focal adhesion kinase (FAK). Here we present the preclinical evaluation of APG-2449, which exhibits antiproliferative activity in cells carrying ALK fusion or secondary mutations. METHODS: KINOMEscan(R) and LANCE TR-FRET were used to characterize targets and selectivity of APG-2449. Water-soluble tetrazolium salt (WST-8) viability assay and xenograft tumorigenicity were employed to evaluate therapeutic efficacy of monotherapy or drug combination in preclinical models of solid tumors. Western blot, pharmacokinetic, and flow cytometry analyses, as well as RNA sequencing were used to explore pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic correlations and the mechanism of actions driving drug combination synergy. RESULTS: In mice bearing wild-type or ALK/ROS1-mutant non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), APG-2449 demonstrates potent antitumor activity, with correlations between pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics in vivo. Through FAK inhibition, APG-2449 sensitizes ovarian xenograft tumors to paclitaxel by reducing CD44(+) and aldehyde dehydrogenase 1-positive (ALDH1(+)) cancer stem cell populations, including ovarian tumors insensitive to carboplatin. In epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated NSCLC xenograft models, APG-2449 enhances EGFR TKI-induced tumor growth inhibition, while the ternary combination of APG-2449 with EGFR (osimertinib) and mitogen-activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase (MEK; trametinib) inhibitors overcomes osimertinib resistance. Mechanistically, phosphorylation of ALK, ROS1, and FAK, as well as their downstream components, is effectively inhibited by APG-2449. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our studies demonstrate that APG-2449 exerts potent and durable antitumor activity in human NSCLC and ovarian tumor models when administered alone or in combination with other therapies. A phase 1 clinical trial has been initiated to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of APG-2449 in patients with advanced solid tumors, including ALK(+) NSCLC refractory to earlier-generation ALK inhibitors. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrial.gov registration: NCT03917043 (date of first registration, 16/04/2019) and Chinese clinical trial registration: CTR20190468 (date of first registration, 09/04/2019).
Rechallenge of epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) after PD-1 blockade failure was an effective therapy for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with resistance to EGFR-TKIs. The third-generation TKIs, like osimertinib and furmonertinib, can reach higher concentration in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) than other TKIs, and exhibit a beneficial effect in NSCLC patients with leptomeningeal metastases (LM) harboring sensitive EGFR mutation. Here, we report that two-stage IV pulmonary adenocarcinoma patients with LM harboring an EGFR L858R mutation benefit from the third-generation EGFR-TKIs rechallenge after immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI) and anti-angiogenic agent combination therapy. Complete response (CR) to partial response (PR) of central nervous system (CNS) response was achieved immediately after the administration of furmonertinib and osimertinib. We conducted next-generation sequencing (NGS) and IHC to elucidate the evolution of driver mutations and the immune microenvironment. In conclusion, these two cases might provide a therapeutic strategy for further clinical practice. More research was needed to elucidate the resistance mechanisms and improve current treatment strategies in EGFR-mutated patients with LM.
BACKGROUND: Cell-surface proteins have been widely used as diagnostic and prognostic markers in cancer research and as targets for the development of anticancer agents. So far, very few attempts have been made to characterize the surfaceome of patients with breast cancer, particularly in relation with the current molecular breast cancer (BRCA) classification. In this view, we developed a new computational method to infer cell-surface protein activities from transcriptomics data, termed 'SURFACER'. METHODS: Gene expression data from GTEx were used to build a normal breast network model as input to infer differential cell-surface proteins activity in BRCA tissue samples retrieved from TCGA versus normal samples. Data were stratified according to the PAM50 transcriptional subtypes (Luminal A, Luminal B, HER2 and Basal), while unsupervised clustering techniques were applied to define BRCA subtypes according to cell-surface proteins activity. RESULTS: Our approach led to the identification of 213 PAM50 subtypes-specific deregulated surface genes and the definition of five BRCA subtypes, whose prognostic value was assessed by survival analysis, identifying a cell-surface activity configuration at increased risk. The value of the SURFACER method in BRCA genotyping was tested by evaluating the performance of 11 different machine learning classification algorithms. CONCLUSIONS: BRCA patients can be stratified into five surface activity-specific groups having the potential to identify subtype-specific actionable targets to design tailored targeted therapies or for diagnostic purposes. SURFACER-defined subtypes show also a prognostic value, identifying surface-activity profiles at higher risk.
BACKGROUND: Initial success of inhibitors targeting oncogenes is often followed by tumor relapse due to acquired resistance. In addition to mutations in targeted oncogenes, signaling cross-talks among pathways play a vital role in such drug inefficacy. These include activation of compensatory pathways and altered activities of key effectors in other cell survival and growth-associated pathways. RESULTS: We propose a computational framework using Bayesian modeling to systematically characterize potential cross-talks among breast cancer signaling pathways. We employed a fully Bayesian approach known as the p 1-model to infer posterior probabilities of gene-pairs in networks derived from the gene expression datasets of ErbB2-positive breast cancer cell-lines (parental, lapatinib-sensitive cell-line SKBR3 and the lapatinib-resistant cell-line SKBR3-R, derived from SKBR3). Using this computational framework, we searched for cross-talks between EGFR/ErbB and other signaling pathways from Reactome, KEGG and WikiPathway databases that contribute to lapatinib resistance. We identified 104, 188 and 299 gene-pairs as putative drug-resistant cross-talks, respectively, each comprised of a gene in the EGFR/ErbB signaling pathway and a gene from another signaling pathway, that appear to be interacting in resistant cells but not in parental cells. In 168 of these (distinct) gene-pairs, both of the interacting partners are up-regulated in resistant conditions relative to parental conditions. These gene-pairs are prime candidates for novel cross-talks contributing to lapatinib resistance. They associate EGFR/ErbB signaling with six other signaling pathways: Notch, Wnt, GPCR, hedgehog, insulin receptor/IGF1R and TGF- beta receptor signaling. We conducted a literature survey to validate these cross-talks, and found evidence supporting a role for many of them in contributing to drug resistance. We also analyzed an independent study of lapatinib resistance in the BT474 breast cancer cell-line and found the same signaling pathways making cross-talks with the EGFR/ErbB signaling pathway as in the primary dataset. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that the activation of compensatory pathways can potentially cause up-regulation of EGFR/ErbB pathway genes (counteracting the inhibiting effect of lapatinib) via signaling cross-talk. Thus, the up-regulated members of these compensatory pathways along with the members of the EGFR/ErbB signaling pathway are interesting as potential targets for designing novel anti-cancer therapeutics.
BACKGROUND: Poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitors (PARPis) are U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for treatment of BRCA-mutated metastatic breast cancer. Furthermore, the BROCADE studies demonstrated benefit of adding an oral PARPi, veliparib, to carboplatin and paclitaxel in patients with metastatic breast cancer harboring BRCA mutation. Given multiple possible dosing schedules and the potential benefit of this regimen for patients with defective DNA repair beyond BRCA, we sought to find the recommended phase II dose (RP2D) and schedule of veliparib in combination with carboplatin in patients with advanced breast cancer, either triple-negative (TNBC) or hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth receptor 2 (HER2) negative with defective Fanconi anemia (FA) DNA-repair pathway based on FA triple staining immunofluorescence assay. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients received escalating doses of veliparib on a 7-, 14-, or 21-day schedule with carboplatin every 3 weeks. Patients underwent [18]fluoro-3'-deoxythymidine ((18) FLT) positron emission tomography (PET) imaging. RESULTS: Forty-four patients (39 TNBC, 5 HR positive/HER2 negative with a defective FA pathway) received a median of 5 cycles (range 1-36). Observed dose-limiting toxicities were grade (G) 4 thrombocytopenia (n = 4), G4 neutropenia (n = 1), and G3 akathisia (n = 1). Common grade 3-4 toxicities included thrombocytopenia, lymphopenia, neutropenia, anemia, and fatigue. Of the 43 patients evaluable for response, 18.6% achieved partial response and 48.8% had stable disease. Median progression-free survival was 18.3 weeks. RP2D of veliparib was established at 250 mg twice daily on days 1-21 along with carboplatin at area under the curve 5. Patients with partial response had a significant drop in maximum standard uptake value (SUV(max) ) of target lesions between baseline and early in cycle 1 based on (18) FLT-PET (day 7-21; p(trend)  = .006). CONCLUSION: The combination of continuous dosing of veliparib and every-3-week carboplatin demonstrated activity and an acceptable toxicity profile. Decrease in SUV(max) on (18) FLT-PET scan during the first cycle of this therapy can identify patients who are likely to have a response. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: The BROCADE studies suggest that breast cancer patients with BRCA mutation benefit from addition of veliparib to carboplatin plus paclitaxel. This study demonstrates that a higher dose of veliparib is tolerable and active in combination with carboplatin alone. With growing interest in imaging-based early response assessment, the authors demonstrate that decrease in [18]fluoro-3'-deoxythymidine positron emission tomography (FLT-PET) SUV(max) during cycle 1 of therapy is associated with response. Collectively, this study established a safety profile of veliparib and carboplatin in advanced breast cancer while also providing additional data on the potential for FLT-PET imaging modality in monitoring therapy response.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2, also known as ERBB2) amplification or overexpression occurs in approximately 20% of advanced gastric or gastro-oesophageal junction adenocarcinomas(1-3). More than a decade ago, combination therapy with the anti-HER2 antibody trastuzumab and chemotherapy became the standard first-line treatment for patients with these types of tumours(4). Although adding the anti-programmed death 1 (PD-1) antibody pembrolizumab to chemotherapy does not significantly improve efficacy in advanced HER2-negative gastric cancer(5), there are preclinical(6-19) and clinical(20,21) rationales for adding pembrolizumab in HER2-positive disease. Here we describe results of the protocol-specified first interim analysis of the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III KEYNOTE-811 study of pembrolizumab plus trastuzumab and chemotherapy for unresectable or metastatic, HER2-positive gastric or gastro-oesophageal junction adenocarcinoma(22) ( https://clinicaltrials.gov , NCT03615326). We show that adding pembrolizumab to trastuzumab and chemotherapy markedly reduces tumour size, induces complete responses in some participants, and significantly improves objective response rate.
BACKGROUND: A recent epidemiological study demonstrated a reduced risk of lung cancer mortality in breast cancer patients using antiestrogens. These and other data implicate a role for estrogens in lung cancer, particularly nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Approximately 61% of human NSCLC tumors express nuclear estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta); however, the role of ERbeta and estrogens in NSCLC is likely to be multifactorial. Here we tested the hypothesis that proteins interacting with ERbeta in human lung adenocarcinoma cells that respond proliferatively to estradiol (E2) are distinct from those in non-E2-responsive cells. METHODS: FLAG affinity purification of FLAG-ERbeta-interacting proteins was used to isolate ERbeta-interacting proteins in whole cell extracts from E2 proliferative H1793 and non-E2-proliferative A549 lung adenocarcinoma cell lines. Following trypsin digestion, proteins were identified using liquid chromatography electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). Proteomic data were analyzed using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. Select results were confirmed by coimmunoprecipitation. RESULTS: LC-MS/MS identified 27 non-redundant ERbeta-interacting proteins. ERbeta-interacting proteins included hsp70, hsp60, vimentin, histones and calmodulin. Ingenuity Pathway Analysis of the ERbeta-interacting proteins revealed differences in molecular and functional networks between H1793 and A549 lung adenocarcinoma cells. Coimmunoprecipitation experiments in these and other lung adenocarcinoma cells confirmed that ERbeta and EGFR interact in a gender-dependent manner and in response to E2 or EGF. BRCA1 interacted with ERbeta in A549 cell lines and in human lung adenocarcinoma tumors, but not normal lung tissue. CONCLUSION: Our results identify specific differences in ERbeta-interacting proteins in lung adenocarcinoma cells corresponding to ligand-dependent differences in estrogenic responses.
PURPOSE: Women with residual invasive breast cancer at the primary site or axillary lymph nodes following neoadjuvant chemotherapy have a high risk of recurrence. Eribulin improves survival in patients with metastatic breast cancer who progress after anthracycline and taxane therapy. This phase 2 trial assessed the efficacy of postoperative eribulin in breast cancer patients who did not achieve a pCR following standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy. METHODS: Women with localized breast cancer who had residual invasive cancer following >/= 4 cycles of standard anthracycline and/or taxane-containing neoadjuvant chemotherapy received adjuvant eribulin treatment. HER2-positive patients also received trastuzumab for 1 year. Adjuvant hormonal therapy and locoregional radiotherapy were administered as per institutional guidelines. Primary endpoint was the 2-year DFS rate. Three patient cohorts were analyzed: TNBC (Cohort A), HR+/HER2- (Cohort B), and HER2+ (Cohort C). RESULTS: One hundred twenty-six patients (Cohort A-53, Cohort B-42, and Cohort C-31) were enrolled. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy included a taxane and an anthracycline in 70%. Eribulin was well tolerated; 84% of patients received the planned 6 cycles. After a median follow-up of 28 months, the 24-month DFS rates were 56% (95% CI 42, 69), 83% (95% CI 67, 91), and 73% (95% CI 53, 86) for Cohorts A, B, and C, respectively. The most common grade 3/4 treatment-related adverse events were neutropenia (26%), leukopenia (13%), and neuropathy (7%). CONCLUSION: Administration of adjuvant eribulin after neoadjuvant chemotherapy was feasible and well tolerated. The 24-month DFS rate did not reach the study target levels in any of the cohorts and was similar to DFS previously described in these cohorts following neoadjuvant chemotherapy alone.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Although neuroblastoma is a heterogeneous cancer, a substantial portion overexpresses CD71 (transferrin receptor 1) and MYCN. This study provides a mechanistically driven rationale for a combination therapy targeting neuroblastomas that doubly overexpress or have amplified CD71 and MYCN. For this subset, CD71 was targeted by its natural ligand, gambogic acid (GA), and MYCN was targeted with an HDAC inhibitor, vorinostat. A combination of GA and vorinostat was then tested for efficacy in cancer and non-cancer cells. METHODS: Microarray analysis of cohorts of neuroblastoma patients indicated a subset of neuroblastomas overexpressing both CD71 and MYCN. The viability with proliferation changes were measured by MTT and colony formation assays in neuroblastoma cells. Transfection with CD71 or MYCN along with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting were used to detect expression changes. For pathway analysis, gene ontology (GO) and Protein-protein interaction analyses were performed to evaluate the potential mechanisms of GA and vorinostat in treated cells. RESULTS: For both GA and vorinostat, their pathways were explored for specificity and dependence on their targets for efficacy. For GA-treated cells, the viability/proliferation loss due to GA was dependent on the expression of CD71 and involved activation of caspase-3 and degradation of EGFR. It relied on the JNK-IRE1-mTORC1 pathway. The drug vorinostat also reduced cell viability/proliferation in the treated cells and this was dependent on the presence of MYCN as MYCN siRNA transfection led to a blunting of vorinostat efficacy and conversely, MYCN overexpression improved the vorinostat potency in those cells. Vorinostat inhibition of MYCN led to an increase of the pro-apoptotic miR183 levels and this, in turn, reduced the viability/proliferation of these cells. The combination treatment with GA and vorinostat synergistically reduced cell survival in the MYCN and CD71 overexpressing tumor cells. The same treatment had no effect or minimal effect on HEK293 and HEF cells used as models of non-cancer cells. CONCLUSION: A combination therapy with GA and vorinostat may be suitable for MYCN and CD71 overexpressing neuroblastomas.
Trastuzumab is a monoclonal antibody targeting human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2), which has been successfully used in the treatment of patients with breast cancer and gastric cancer; however, problems concerning its cardiotoxicity, drug resistance, and unpredictable efficacy still remain. Herein, we constructed novel organic dopamine-melanin nanoparticles (dMNs) as a carrier and then surface-loaded them with trastuzumab to construct a multifunctional nanoprobe named Her-PEG-dMNPs. We used micro-PET/CT and PET/MRI multimodality imaging to evaluate the retention effect of the nanoprobe in HER2 expression in gastric cancer patient-derived xenograft (PDX) mice models after labeling of the radionuclides (64)Cu or (124)I and MRI contrast agent Mn(2+). The nanoprobes can specifically target the HER2-expressing SKOV-3 cells in vitro (3.61 +/- 0.74 vs. 1.24 +/- 0.43 for 2 h, P = 0.002). In vivo, micro-PET/CT and PET/MRI showed that the (124)I-labeled nanoprobe had greater contrast and retention effect in PDX models than unloaded dMNPs as carrier (1.63 +/- 0.07 vs. 0.90 +/- 0.04 at 24 h, P = 0.002), a similarity found in (64)Cu-labeled Her-PEG-dMNPs. Because (124)I has a longer half-life and matches the pharmacokinetics of the nanoparticles, we focused on the further evaluation of (124)I-Her-PEG-dMNPs. Furthermore, immunohistochemistry staining confirmed the overexpression of HER2 in the animal model. This study developed and validated novel HER2-specific multimodality imaging nanoprobes for quantifying HER2 expression in mice. Through the strong retention effect of the tumor site, it can be used for the promotion of monoclonal antibody treatment effect and process monitoring.
Adenocarcinomas of the esophagus and stomach constitute a substantial number of cancer cases worldwide. Most patients in the United States are diagnosed at an advanced or metastatic stage and, therefore, the prognoses have been poor. New treatments are needed to augment standard surgical and medical management. Recent studies have shown that a subset of esophageal and gastric adenocarcinomas overexpress the HER2 protein, similar to the overexpression seen in breast cancer. Because trastuzumab, a monoclonal antibody to the HER2 receptor, has been used with success in primary and HER2 positive metastatic breast cancers, the phase III ToGA trial was designed to assess the impact of trastuzumab in patients with HER2 positive gastric cancers. They have reported an increase in overall survival time for patients treated with chemotherapy and trastuzumab compared to those treated with chemotherapy alone. They have reported an increase in overall survival time for patients treated with chemotherapy and trastuzumab compared to those treated with chemotherapy alone. This means that accurate HER2 testing in gastric and esophageal carcinomas is necessary. While the breast cancer scoring system can be used to determine HER2 status in most cases, modifications are necessary to accommodate the heterogeneity and incomplete membrane staining that are observed more frequently in gastric cancers. An understanding of the scoring modifications is required for proper stratification of gastric cancer patients for treatment.
The human beta-defensin-1 (HBD1) is an antimicrobial peptide constitutively expressed by epithelial cells at mucosal surfaces. In addition to its microbicidal properties, the loss of HBD1 expression in several cancers suggests that it may also have an anti-tumor activity. Here, we investigated the link between HBD1 expression and cancer signaling pathways in the human colon cancer cell lines TC7 and HT-29, and in normal human colonic primary cells, using a mini-gut organoid model. Using available datasets from patient cohorts, we found that HBD1 transcription is decreased in colorectal cancer. We demonstrated that inhibiting the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) increased HBD1 expression, whereas activating EGFR repressed HBD1 expression, through the MEKK1/2-ERK1/2 pathway that ultimately regulates MYC. We finally present evidences supporting a role of MYC, together with the MIZ1 coregulator, in HBD1 regulation. Our work uncovers the role and deciphers the function of the EGFR-ERK-MYC axis as a repressor of HBD1 expression and contributes to the understanding of HBD1 suppression observed in colorectal cancer.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the expression of micro ribonucleic acid-330 (miR-330) in breast cancer tissues and cancer-adjacent tissues as well as the correlations of the miR-330 expression with clinicopathological features and the prognosis of breast cancer patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The expression levels of miR-330 in cancer tissues and cancer-adjacent tissues of 120 breast cancer patients with complete follow-up data were detected via the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Meanwhile, the expression level of miR-330 in serum of breast cancer patients was measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The correlations of the expression level of miR-330 with clinicopathological data and the prognosis of breast cancer patients were explored. RESULTS: The expression level of miR-330 in breast cancer tissues was remarkably higher than that in cancer-adjacent tissues, and it was also higher in serum of breast cancer patients than that of healthy controls. In breast cancer patients with axillary lymph node metastasis, the proportion of patients with the high expression of miR-330 [30/54 (55.6%)] was markedly larger than that of patients with the low expression of miR-330 [6/30 (20%)] (p=0.003). In terms of tumor-node-metastasis (TNM) stage, the proportion of patients with the high expression of miR-330 in stage II or above was evidently larger than that of patients with the low expression of miR-330, in which the proportion was 46/60 (77.2%) in stage III and 11/15 (73.3%) in stage IV (p=0.002). Additionally, the tumor size, the histological grade, the expression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), the expression of hormone receptors and the tissue type, were not related to the expression level of miR-330 (p>0.05). It was manifested in the survival curve that the median survival time was 84.8 months in the miR-330 high expression group and 96.8 months in the miR-330 low expression group, displaying a statistical difference (p=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: MiR-330 is highly expressed in cancer tissues and serum of patients with breast cancer, and it can promote the axillary lymph node metastasis, which is an important factor affecting the prognosis of breast cancer patients. However, no obvious correlations of the expression level of miR-330 with the tumor size, the histological grade, the HER2 expression and the expression of estrogen receptors are found.
The molecular cargo of tumor-cell-derived exosomes (TEX) mimics that of parental tumor cells. Thus, TEX could potentially serve as noninvasive biomarkers of cancer progression. However, separation of TEX from non-TEX in patients' plasma requires tumor antigen-specific detection reagents. CD44v3 has been of interest as a potential biomarker of disease progression in HNSCC, because its overexpression in tumor cells associates with poor outcome. Here, CD44v3+ TEX immunocaptured from plasma of 44 HNSCC patients and 7 healthy donors (HDs) were evaluated as potential biomarkers of disease activity and stage. Exosomes were isolated from plasma of by size exclusion chromatography. Using anti-CD44v3 or anti-CD3 mAbs on beads, CD44v3+ TEX CD3(-)TEX-enriched exosomes were immunocaptured from supernatants of nonmalignant or HNSCC cell lines and from patients' plasma. On-bead flow cytometry was used for the detection of FAS-L, PD-L1, TGFF-beta. CSPG4 or EGFR on exosomes. The TEX expression profiles were correlated to clinicopathological parameters. Relative florescence intensity (RFI) values for CD44v3 were higher (p < .01) on TEX from HNSCC cell lines or on CD44v3+ CD3(-) plasma-derived exosomes. RFI values of CD44v3 on CD3(-) exosomes were higher (p < .005) in patients than in HDs and correlated (p < .05) with the UICC stage and lymph node metastasis. In HNSCC patients, CD44v3+ exosomes higher levels of immunosuppressive proteins compared to CD44v3(-) exosomes (p < .05-p < .005), and RFI values for these markers correlated with higher disease stages and lymph node metastasis. Isolation of CD44v3+ exosomes by immunocapture allowed for enrichment of TEX which are potentially promising liquid biomarkers of the tumor burden and disease stage in HNSCC.
The molecular and cellular mechanism of the development of pancreatic cancer is under constant and intensive study, and yet the cure is still out of reach. While surgical treatment is optional, conventional chemotherapy or chemo-radiotherapy remains the best choice. Among others, paclitaxel is proven to be a popular and, to a certain extent, effective chemotherapy agent. We proposed that the combination of paclitaxel and membrane permeable ceramide would enhance the fatality of cancer cells, and reported that the combination increased cell death of both head and neck and leukemic cancer cells. In this study, we treated pancreatic cancer cells (L3.6 cells) with paclitaxel and ceramide at the concentrations of clinical relevance, and treatment was then followed up with an investigation of the molecular mechanism of the synergism of paclitaxel and ceramide. The results of Western blot analysis indicated that the combo synergistically induced ERK and JNK phosphorylation, but not p38 and Akt phosphorylation. We also found that the combination (combo) induced EGFR phosphorylation in a synergistic manner. Furthermore, we observed that paclitaxel, ceramide, or combo-induced EGFR phosphorylation was inhibited by EGFR inhibitor, PD153035, while paclitaxel, ceramide, or combo-induced JNK and ERK phosphorylation was blocked by EGFR inhibitor, PD153035 and ERK inhibitor, U126. Taken together, our results demonstrated that the combination of paclitaxel and ceramide synergistically induced pancreatic cancer cell death through differential activation of EGFR-mediated MAP kinases. EGFR and ERK inhibitors may further enhance the paclitaxel and ceramide effect.
SERMS like Tamoxifene, 5-hydroxy tamoxifene, raloxifene and endoxifene has been used for the treatment of hormonal imbalances and dependent cancers owing to their action via Estrogen receptors as in the treatment of estrogen sensitive breast cancers. Due to the adverse side effects, modifications and development of the existing or newer SERMS has always been of immense interest. Ormeloxifene, a SERM molecule manufactured by HLL Lifecare Ltd, India as birth control under the trade names Saheli, Novex, and Novex-DS which is also investigated against mastalgia, fibro-adenoma and abnormal uterine bleeding. Anti-cancer effects have been reported in estrogen dependent and independent cancers which shows its wide scope to be implemented in cancer therapy. Current investigation is a comprehensive effort to find the cytotoxic potential of Ormeloxifene in comparison with clinically used four SERMS in twenty six cancer cell lines of different origin using Adriamycin as positive control. Also the computational studies pertaining to selected target/ligand with respect to tumor progression, development, treatment responses and apoptosis. The studies proved effective cytotoxicity of Ormeloxifene on cancer cell lines with lower TGI, GI50 and LC(50) values which are significantly comparable. Also the in silico studies proved that the docking score of the compound suggests the interaction of the compound which could tightly regulate key target genes controlling cancer like ER, EGFR kinase, EGFR-cSRC, HDAC-2, PARP-1 and BRAF. This study brings out the superior efficacy of Ormeloxifene compared to other SERMS with proven safety profile to be repositioned as an anti-cancer drug to treat diverse cancer types.
AIMS: In this study, the pharmacological effects and potential molecular mechanisms of evodiamine in treating gastric cancer (GC) were investigated. METHODS: GC cells lines of AGS and BGC-823 were treated with evodiamine at various concentrations for different times (24, 48, and 72 h). Inhibition of the proliferation of AGS and BGC-823 cells was assessed using a CCK-8 assay. The morphology of gastric cancer cells was detected by high-content screening (HCS). The apoptosis-inducing effect of evodiamine on AGS and BGC-823 cells was detected by flow cytometric analysis. Cell migration and invasion were detected by Transwell assay. The relative mRNA and protein expression levels of PTEN-mediated EGF/PI3K signaling pathways were investigated via RT-qPCR or western blotting, respectively. RESULTS: Evodiamine substantially inhibited AGS and BGC-823 cells proliferation in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Flow cytometric analysis revealed that evodiamine could induce apoptosis of AGS and BGC-823 cells in a dose-dependent manner. In addition, evodiamine inhibited AGS and BGC-823 cell migration and invasion. Mechanistically, the results demonstrated that evodiamine promoted the relative mRNA and protein expression of PTEN and decreased expression of EGF, EGFR, PI3K, AKT, p-AKT, and mTOR. Most importantly, evodiamine could effectively increase the mRNA and protein expression of PTEN and decrease the protein expression of EGF/PI3K pathway, indicating that evodiamine downregulated EGF/PI3K through the activation of PTEN pathway. CONCLUSION: Evodiamine inhibited the directional migration and invasion of GC cells by inhibiting PTEN-mediated EGF/PI3K signaling pathway. These findings revealed that evodiamine might serve as a potential candidate for the treatment or prevention of GC.
BACKGROUND: There are few clinical data on targeted therapy for primary mesenchymal-epidermal transforming factor amplification (METamp), unlike METamp secondary to epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). First-line treatment options for patients with primary METamp NSCLC remain unclear, and in particular, the efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in these patients is controversial. METHODS: We retrospectively included primary METamp patients who had received at least one line of systemic anticancer therapy, diagnosed at Zhejiang Cancer Hospital from June 2018 to June 2023, and analyzed the efficacies of different treatment patterns for these patients. We also evaluated the potential relationship between the tumor immune microenvironment (TIME) and the programmed death-1 (PD-1)/programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) axis in primary METamp NSCLC patients. High-level METamp was defined as gene copy number (GCN) >/= 10 [1]. The clinical outcomes included objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), median progression-free survival (mPFS), median overall survival (mOS). RESULTS: We screened 2016 NSCLC patients and detected 36 primary METamp, resulting in a prevalence of 1.79 %. Among the patients, the average MET GCN was 4.6, the overall ORR was 50.0 %, DCR was 77.8 %, mPFS was 5.8 months and mOS was 11.7 months. We categorized the first-line treatments that patients received as: immuno-chemotherapy (CI-group), antiangio-chemotherapy (CA-group), chemotherapy (C-group) and MET-TKIs therapy (TKI-group). The ORR of CI-group, CA-group, C-group and TKI-group was 64.3 %, 16.7 %, 33.4 % and 71.4 %, respectively. And the DCR of this four groups was 100 %, 50 %, 66.7 % and 71.4 %, respectively. CI-group achieved longer mPFS and mOS than other groups, respectively (mPFS: 8.63 vs 3.73 vs 3.53 vs 5.50 months, P = 0.021; mOS: 15.10 vs 11.73 vs 9.93 vs 13.93 months, P = 0.023). The mPFS was longer in the PD-L1-positive group than in the PD-L1 negative group (P = 0.046) and PD-L1 positivity was an independent prognostic indicator for PFS (P = 0.005). In addition, the disease remission effect was significantly lower in Foxp3-positive expressors than in negative expressors (ORR: 33.3 % vs 75.0 %, P = 0.024). CONCLUSIONS: Immuno-chemotherapy is a first-line optional treatment strategy in addition to targeted therapy for NSCLC patients with primary METamp. Foxp3-negative expression better predicts the near-term efficacy of immunotherapy.
INTRODUCTION: This study investigates the differences between early-onset gastric carcinoma (EOGC) and late-onset gastric carcinoma (LOGC) by examining trends, demographics, clinical and molecular features, treatments, and outcomes at a leading cancer center in China. OBJECTIVES: To delineate the distinctions between EOGC and LOGC in terms of patient characteristics, disease progression, and treatment outcomes, and to suggest appropriate screening strategies. METHODS: We analyzed 18,877 gastric carcinoma cases treated at Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center (FUSCC) from 2000 to 2022. Descriptive statistics were performed using IBM SPSS. Survival rates were assessed via the Kaplan-Meier method and log-rank test, while COX regression analysis identified factors affecting disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). RESULTS: The average age of gastric cancer diagnosis has increased slightly since 2000, with a steady rise in both EOGC and LOGC cases, though EOGC's proportion has slightly decreased. EOGC had a higher proportion of female patients and was more common in the gastric body and antrum pylorus. EOGC cases showed lower levels of cancer biomarkers, HER2 expression, vascular and lymphatic invasion, and lower differentiation and invasion depth. They also exhibited more advanced N and TNM staging, Borrmann IV type, and low adhesive carcinoma. EOGC underwent more extensive D2 lymphadenectomy and neoadjuvant chemotherapy. There were no significant differences in Claudin18.2 and MMR protein status between EOGC and LOGC. EOGC had higher rates of ovarian and peritoneal metastases, with a better early prognosis but faster late-stage progression. CONCLUSION: EOGC and LOGC cases have increased over the past two decades. EOGC presents unique clinical and pathological features, requiring thorough surgical treatment and has a better early prognosis but more rapid late-stage progression. Enhanced screening for younger adults is recommended to address the rising EOGC trend.
The prognosis of patients with solid tumours has remarkably improved with the development of molecular-targeted drugs and immune checkpoint inhibitors. However, the improvements in the prognosis of pancreatic cancer and biliary tract cancer is delayed compared to other carcinomas, and the 5-year survival rates of distal-stage disease are approximately 10 and 20%, respectively. However, a comprehensive analysis of tumour cells using The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) project has led to the identification of various driver mutations. Evidently, few mutations exist across organs, and basket trials targeting driver mutations regardless of the primary organ are being actively conducted. Such basket trials not only focus on the gate keeper-type oncogene mutations, such as HER2 and BRAF, but also focus on the caretaker-type tumour suppressor genes, such as BRCA1/2, mismatch repair-related genes, which cause hereditary cancer syndrome. As oncogene panel testing is a vital approach in routine practice, clinicians should devise a strategy for improved understanding of the cancer genome. Here, the gene mutation profiles of pancreatic cancer and biliary tract cancer have been outlined and the current status of tumour-agnostic therapy in these cancers has been reported.
PURPOSE: The exact definition of pathologic complete response (pCR) and its prognostic impact on survival in intrinsic breast cancer subtypes is uncertain. METHODS: Tumor response at surgery and its association with long-term outcome of 6,377 patients with primary breast cancer receiving neoadjuvant anthracycline-taxane-based chemotherapy in seven randomized trials were analyzed. RESULTS: Disease-free survival (DFS) was significantly superior in patients with no invasive and no in situ residuals in breast or nodes (n = 955) compared with patients with residual ductal carcinoma in situ only (n = 309), no invasive residuals in breast but involved nodes (n = 186), only focal-invasive disease in the breast (n = 478), and gross invasive residual disease (n = 4,449; P < .001). Hazard ratios for DFS comparing patients with or without pCR were lowest when defined as no invasive and no in situ residuals (0.446) and increased monotonously when in situ residuals (0.523), no invasive breast residuals but involved nodes (0.623), and focal-invasive disease (0.727) were included in the definition. pCR was associated with improved DFS in luminal B/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) -negative (P = .005), HER2-positive/nonluminal (P < .001), and triple-negative (P < .001) tumors but not in luminal A (P = .39) or luminal B/HER2-positive (P = .45) breast cancer. pCR in HER2-positive (nonluminal) and triple-negative tumors was associated with excellent prognosis. CONCLUSION: pCR defined as no invasive and no in situ residuals in breast and nodes can best discriminate between patients with favorable and unfavorable outcomes. Patients with noninvasive or focal-invasive residues or involved lymph nodes should not be considered as having achieved pCR. pCR is a suitable surrogate end point for patients with luminal B/HER2-negative, HER2-positive (nonluminal), and triple-negative disease but not for those with luminal B/HER2-positive or luminal A tumors.
PURPOSE: This study investigated the association between tumor MYC protein expression and disease-free survival (DFS) of patients randomized to receive chemotherapy alone (Arm A) or chemotherapy with sequential (Arm B) or concurrent trastuzumab (Arm C) in the N9831 (Alliance) adjuvant HER2(+) trastuzumab breast cancer trial. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: This analysis included 1,736 patients randomized to Arms A, B, and C on N9831. Nuclear MYC protein expression was determined in tissue microarray sections containing three biopsies per patient or whole tissue sections using standard immunohistochemistry (clone 9E10). A tumor was considered positive for MYC protein overexpression (MYC(+)) if the nuclear 3+ staining percentage was more than 30%. RESULTS: Five hundred and seventy-four (33%) tumors were MYC(+). MYC(+) was associated with hormone receptor positivity (chi(2), P = 0.006), tumors 2 cm or more (chi(2), P = 0.02), and a higher rate of nodal positivity (chi(2), P < 0.001). HRs for DFS (median follow-up: 6.1 years) for Arm C versus A were 0.52 (P = 0.006) and 0.65 (P = 0.006) for patients with MYC(+) and MYC(-) tumors, respectively (P(interaction) = 0.40). For Arm B versus A, HRs for patients with MYC(+) and MYC(-) tumors were 0.79 (P = 0.21) and 0.74 (P = 0.04), respectively (P(interaction) = 0.71). For Arm C versus B, HRs for patients with MYC(+) and MYC(-) tumors were 0.56 (P = 0.02) and 0.89 (P = 0.49), respectively (P(interaction) = 0.17). CONCLUSIONS: Our data do not support an impact of tumor MYC protein expression on differential benefit from adjuvant trastuzumab.
Given the significant therapeutic efficacy of anti-HER-2 treatment, the HER-2 status is a crucial piece of information that must be obtained in breast cancer patients. Currently, as per guidelines, HER-2 status is typically acquired from breast tissue of patients. However, there is growing interest in obtaining HER-2 status from serum and other samples due to the convenience and potential for dynamic monitoring. In this study, we have developed a serum Raman spectroscopy technique that allows for the rapid acquisition of HER-2 status in a convenient manner. The established HER-2 negative and positive classification model achieved an area under the curve of 0.8334. To further validate the reliability of our method, we replicated the process using immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization. The results demonstrate that serum Raman spectroscopy, coupled with artificial intelligence algorithms, is an effective technical approach for obtaining HER-2 status.
Contrary to high doses irradiation (HDR), the biological consequences of dose irradiation (LDR) in breast cancer remain unclear due to the complexity of human epidemiological studies. LDR induces DNA damage that activates p53-mediated tumor-suppressing pathways promoting DNA repair, cell death, and growth arrest. Monoallelic p53 mutations are one of the earliest and the most frequent genetic events in many subtypes of cancer including ErbB2 breast cancer. Using MMTV/ErbB2 mutant p53 (R172H) heterozygous mouse model we found differential p53 genotype-specific effect of LDR vs. HDR on mammary tumorigenesis. Following LDR, mutant p53 heterozygous tumor cells exhibit aberrant ATM/DNA-PK signaling with defects in sensing of double-strand DNA brakes and deficient DNA repair. In contrast, HDR-induced genotoxic stress is sufficient to reach the threshold of DNA damage that is necessary for wtp53 induced DNA repair and cell cycle arrest. As a result, mutant p53 endows dominant-negative effect promoting mammary tumorigenesis after low-impact DNA damage leading to the selection of a genetically unstable proliferative population, with negligible mutagenic effect on tumors carrying wtp53 allele.
PURPOSE: Early diagnosis of triple-negative (TN) breast cancer is important due to its aggressive biological characteristics, poor clinical outcomes, and limited options for therapy. The goal of this study is to evaluate the potential of machine learning with quantitative ultrasound image features for the diagnosis of TN breast cancer. METHODS: Ultrasonic and clinical data of 140 surgically confirmed breast cancer cases were analyzed retrospectively for the diagnosis of TN and non-TN (NTN) subtypes. The subtypes were classified based on the expression of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). Ultrasound image features were measured from the grayscale and color Doppler images and used with logistic regression for classification by machine learning. Leave-one-out cross validation was used to train and test the differentiation. Diagnostic performance was measured by the area under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and sensitivity and specificity determined at the Youdons index. RESULTS: Of the twelve grayscale and Doppler features measured, eight were found to be statistically different for the TN and NTN subtypes (p < 0.05). The area under the ROC curve (AUC) of the statistically significant grayscale (GS) and color Doppler (CD) features was 0.85 and 0.65, respectively. The AUC increased to 0.88 when the GS and CD features were used together, with sensitivity of 86.96% and specificity of 82.91%. Consideration of patient age in the analysis did not improve discrimination of TN and NTN. CONCLUSIONS: The analysis of breast ultrasound images by machine learning achieves high level of differentiation between the TN and NTN subtypes, exceeding the diagnostic performance by standard visual assessments of the images.
BACKGROUND: Gastric cancer is the third deadliest cancer in the world and ranks second in incidence and mortality of cancers in China. Despite advances in prevention, diagnosis, and therapy, the absolute number of cases is increasing every year due to aging and the growth of high-risk populations, and gastric cancer is still a leading cause of cancer-related death. Gastric cancer is a consequence of the complex interaction of microbial agents, with environmental and host factors, resulting in the dysregulation of multiple oncogenic and tumor-suppressing signaling pathways. Global efforts have been made to investigate in detail the genomic and epigenomic heterogeneity of this disease, resulting in the identification of new specific and sensitive predictive and prognostic biomarkers. Trastuzumab, a monoclonal antibody against the HER2 receptor, is approved in the first-line treatment of patients with HER2+ tumors, which accounts for 13%-23% of the gastric cancer population. Ramucirumab, a monoclonal antibody against VEGFR2, is currently recommended in patients progressing after first-line treatment. Several clinical trials have also tested novel agents for advanced gastric cancer but mostly with disappointing results, such as anti-EGFR and anti-MET monoclonal antibodies. Therefore, it is still of great significance to screen specific molecular targets for gastric cancer and drugs directed against the molecular targets. AIM: To investigate the effect and mechanism of berberine against tumor growth in gastric cancer xenograft models and to explore the role of hepatocyte nuclear factor 4alpha (HNF4alpha)-WNT5a/beta-catenin pathways played in the antitumor effects of berberine. METHODS: MGC803 and SGC7901 subcutaneous xenograft models were established. The control group was intragastrically administrated with normal saline, and the berberine group was administrated intragastrically with 100 mg/kg/d berberine. The body weight of nude mice during the experiment was measured to assess whether berberine has any adverse reaction. The volume of subcutaneous tumors during this experiment was recorded to evaluate the inhibitory effect of berberine on the growth of MGC803 and SGC7901 subcutaneous transplantation tumors. Polymerase chain reaction assays were conducted to evaluate the alteration of transcriptional expression of HNF4alpha, WNT5a and beta-catenin in tumor tissues and liver tissues from the MGC803 and SGC7901 xenograft models. Western blotting and IHC were performed to assess the protein expression of HNF4alpha, WNT5a and beta-catenin in tumor tissues and liver tissues from the MGC803 and SGC7901 xenograft models. RESULTS: In the both MGC803 and SGC7901 xenograft tumor models, berberine significantly reduced tumor volume and weight and thus retarded the growth rate of tumors. In the SGC7901 and MGC803 subcutaneously transplanted tumor models, berberine down-regulated the expression of HNF4alpha, WNT5a and beta-catenin in tumor tissues from both transcription and protein levels. Besides, berberine also suppressed the protein expression of HNF4alpha, WNT5a and beta-catenin in liver tissues. CONCLUSION: Berberine retarded the growth of MGC803 and SGC7901 xenograft model tumors, and the mechanism behind these anti-growth effects might be the downregulation of the expression of HNF4alpha-WNT5a/beta-catenin signaling pathways both in tumor tissues and liver tissues of the xenograft models.
CONTEXT: Despite the fact that breast cancer (BC) is a major health issue, very few studies describe its characteristics in the Middle East. AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use and value of Ki-67 as a prognostic marker in BC and associations between Ki-67, clinical, and histopathological parameters were evaluated. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a retrospective study, 260 BC women and invasive ductal carcinoma were included to our study in Kermanshah city, Iran. Age, tumor size, lymph node involvement, histological grade, nuclear grade, and vascular invasion were other factors that determined in a lot of patients. RESULTS: The mean age at diagnosis was 47.6 years (range, 24-84 years) with 100% female. Of 243 patients that tumor size was determined for them, 207 patients (85.2%) had tumor size >/=2 cm, and 36 patients (14.8%) had size <2 cm and also of 237 patients, 47 patients (19.8%), 140 (59.1%), and 50 (21.1%) had histological grades I, II, and III, respectively. There is significant correlation between Ki-67 with nuclear grade, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and p53 (P < 0.05). Based on this result, more patients with Ki-67 >/=20% have higher nuclear grade, p53-positive, and HER2-positive. There was correlation between Ki-67 with type of tumor (P = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: The higher Ki-67 has a direct significant correlation with higher nuclear grade, p53-positive, and HER2-positive. Furthermore, triple negative patients have higher Ki-67 compared to other subtypes.
Ki67 immunohistochemistry (IHC), commonly used as a proliferation marker in breast cancer, has limited value for treatment decisions due to questionable analytical validity. The International Ki67 in Breast Cancer Working Group (IKWG) consensus meeting, held in October 2019, assessed the current evidence for Ki67 IHC analytical validity and clinical utility in breast cancer, including the series of scoring studies the IKWG conducted on centrally stained tissues. Consensus observations and recommendations are: 1) as for estrogen receptor and HER2 testing, preanalytical handling considerations are critical; 2) a standardized visual scoring method has been established and is recommended for adoption; 3) participation in and evaluation of quality assurance and quality control programs is recommended to maintain analytical validity; and 4) the IKWG accepted that Ki67 IHC as a prognostic marker in breast cancer has clinical validity but concluded that clinical utility is evident only for prognosis estimation in anatomically favorable estrogen receptor-positive and HER2-negative patients to identify those who do not need adjuvant chemotherapy. In this T1-2, N0-1 patient group, the IKWG consensus is that Ki67 5% or less, or 30% or more, can be used to estimate prognosis. In conclusion, analytical validity of Ki67 IHC can be reached with careful attention to preanalytical issues and calibrated standardized visual scoring. Currently, clinical utility of Ki67 IHC in breast cancer care remains limited to prognosis assessment in stage I or II breast cancer. Further development of automated scoring might help to overcome some current limitations.
Breast carcinomas represent a heterogenous group of tumors and recent studies have demonstrated several subtypes of breast cancer by gene expression profiles. This study aimed to compare hormon receptor negative (ER-/PR-/ERBB2+) and triple negative (ER-/PR-/ERBB2-) patients in terms of prognosis and to show that molecularly defined subtypes can be distinguished by conventional laboratory methods. Patients treated between 2001-2007 for hormon receptor negative breast cancer were retrospectively studied. In addition to the conventional prognostic factors, effect of ERBB2 status of the patients on disease-free and overall survival was evaluated. Hormon receptor and ERBB2 status were determined by immunuhistochemistry and fluorescence in-situ hybridization. 141 patients were eligible for the study. Number of patients with ERBB2 positive and triple negative tumors was 70 and 71, respectively, and two groups were comparable in terms of study parameters. Tumor size, grade, axillary status, patient groups, and adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy showed significant impact on disease-free survival and overall survival was significantly dependent on axillary status, type of surgery, and patient groups in univariate analysis. In multivariate analysis, patient groups, tumor grade, and axillary status were independent prognostic factors for disease-free survival whereas patient groups, extent of surgery, and axillary status were independent prognostic factors for overall survival. This study has indicated that ERBB2 negative patients had worse survival among hormon receptor negative breast cancer patients and showed that molecularly defined subtypes of breast cancer can be differentiated by immunuhistochemistry in terms of prognosis.
Epidemiological, clinical, and molecular studies suggest a role for oestrogen in thyroid cancer. How oestrogen mediates its effects and the consequence of it on clinical outcome has not been fully elucidated. The participation of coregulatory proteins in modulating oestrogen receptor (ER) function and input of crosstalk with the tyrosine kinase receptor HER2 was investigated. Oestrogen induced cell proliferation in the follicular thyroid cancer (FTC)-133 cells, but not in the anaplastic 8305C cell line. Knockdown of the coactivator steroid receptor coactivator (SRC)-1 inhibited FTC-133 basal, but not oestrogen induced, cell proliferation. Oestrogen also increased protein expression of SRC-1 and the ER target gene cyclin D1 in the FTC-133 cell line. ERalpha, ERbeta, the coregulatory proteins SRC-1 and nuclear corepressor (NCoR), and the tyrosine kinase receptor HER2 were localised by immunohistochemistry and immnofluorescence in paraffin-embedded tissue from thyroid tumour patients (n=111). ERalpha was colocalised with both SRC-1 and NCoR to the nuclei of the tumour epithelial cells. Expression of ERalpha and NCoR was found predominantly in non-anaplastic tumours and was significantly associated with well-differentiated tumours and reduced incidence of disease recurrence. In non-anaplastic tumours, HER2 was significantly associated with SRC-1, and these proteins were associated with poorly differentiated tumours, capsular invasion and disease recurrence. Totally, 87% of anaplastic tumours were positive for SRC-1. Kaplan-Meier estimates of disease-free survival indicated that in thyroid cancer, SRC-1 strongly correlates with reduced disease-free survival (P<0.001), whereas NCoR predicted increased survival (P<0.001). These data suggest opposing roles for the coregulators SRC-1 and NCoR in thyroid tumour progression.
Breast cancer treatment is improving due to the introduction of new drugs, guided by molecular testing of the primary tumour for mutations/oncogenic drivers (e.g. HER2 gene amplification). However, tumour tissue is not always available for molecular analysis, intra-tumoural heterogeneity is common and the "cancer genome" is known to evolve with time, particularly following treatment as resistance develops. After resection, those patients with only residual micrometastases are likely to be cured but those with radiologically detectable overt disease are not. Thus, the discovery of blood test(s) that could (1) alert clinicians to early primary or recurrent disease and (2) monitor response to treatment could impact significantly on mortality. Towards this, we and others have focused on molecular profiling of circulating nucleic acids isolated from plasma, both cell-free DNA (cfDNA) and microRNAs, and the relationship of these to circulating tumour cells (CTCs). This review considers the utility of each as circulating biomarkers in breast cancer with particular emphasis on the bioinformatic tools available to support molecular profiling.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Pure tubular carcinomas (TC) of the breast are generally considered to have an excellent prognosis. This study aimed to analyze the characteristics and survival of patients with TC. METHODS: This was a retrospective study conducted at the CHU de Quebec-Universite Laval. Databases were searched for all cases treated between April 1997 and December 2010. Survival was retrieved from the Province of Quebec Ministry of Health. Follow-up was censored on December 31, 2011. Overall survival (OS) was compared to patients with invasive ductal carcinoma (ICD) matched for age, tumor size, lymph node involvement, year of diagnosis, ER, PgR, and HER2, histological grade, lymphovascular invasion, and chemotherapy. RESULTS: The frequency of TC was 2.9% (n = 223/7563). Tumors size was 7.4 +/- 8.8 mm, without lymphovascular invasion (95.1%), ER-positive (98.2%), PgR-positive (69.5%), and HER2-negative (100%). Patients were followed up for 7.1 +/- 2.7 years. The actuarial 13-year OS was 89.0% for TC, compared to 85.8% for IDC (P = 0.13). For TC, the 13-year OS was 95.8% in NO patients compared to 90.0% for N1-3 (P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Despite the general popular belief that patients with TC fare better than patients with IDC, the 13-year OS of TC was similar to that of grade I IDC.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to discern whether breast cancer molecular subtype, a known prognostic indicator, can be used to select patients with the highest likelihood of having clinically significant additional findings on breast MRI. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A database review from January 2010 through December 2013 identified 299 patients who underwent preoperative breast MRI with tumors classifiable into molecular subtypes. Subtypes were classified on the basis of immunohistochemical staining surrogates as luminal A (hormone receptor [ER or PR] positive, ERBB2 [formerly HER2 or HER2/neu] negative, luminal B (hormone receptor positive, ERBB2 positive), ERBB2 (hormone receptor negative, ERBB2 positive), or basal (hormone receptor and ERBB2 negative). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to determine the association between subtype and additional breast MRI findings, including multicentric or multifocal disease, contralateral disease, chest wall involvement, skin and nipple involvement, and internal mammary and axillary lymphadenopathy. RESULTS: The subtype distribution was luminal A, 70.6% (211/299); luminal B, 14.1% (42/299); ERBB2, 5.4% (16/299); and basal, 10.0% (30/299). ERBB2 and luminal B sub-types were more often associated with multicentric disease (25.0% and 26.2%), multifocal disease (37.5% and 35.7%), and axillary disease (50.0% and 45.2%) than were luminal A cancers (multicentric disease, 10.9%; multifocal disease 20.4%; axillary disease, 22.7%) (p < 0.001). In multivariate analysis, after control for patient age, tumor size, and nuclear grade, patients with ERBB2-overexpressing tumors were 2.4 times as likely as patients with luminal A tumors to have multicentric disease (p = 0.016), 2.0 times as likely to have multifocal disease (p = 0.024), 1.7 times as likely to have skin and nipple involvement (p = 0.013), and 1.9 times as likely to have axillary disease (p = 0.011). CONCLUSION: Preoperative MRI may most benefit patients with tumors with ERBB2 overexpression because of the increased likelihood of the presence of additional disease.
AIM: Fluid loss, dehydration and resultant kidney injury are common when a diverting ileostomy is formed during rectal cancer surgery, the consequences of which are unknown. The aim of this retrospective single-site cohort study is to evaluate the impact of sustained postoperative renal dysfunction after rectal resection on long-term renal impairment and survival. METHOD: All patients with rectal adenocarcinoma undergoing resection between January 2003 and March 2017 were included, with follow-up to June 2020. The primary outcome was impact on long-term mortality attributed to a 25% or greater drop in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) following rectal resection. Secondary outcomes were the long-term effect on renal function resulting from the same drop in eGFR and the effect on long-term mortality and renal function of a 50% drop in eGFR. We also calculated the effect on mortality of a 1% drop in eGFR. RESULTS: A total of 1159 patients were identified. Postoperative reductions in eGFR of 25% and 50% were associated with long-term overall mortality with adjusted hazard ratios of 1.84 (1.22-2.77) (p = 0.004) and 2.88 (1.45-5.71) (p = 0.002). The median survival of these groups was 86.0 (64.0-108.0) months and 53.3 (7.8-98.8) months compared with 144.5 (128.1-160.9) months for controls. Long-term effects on renal function were demonstrated, with those who sustained a >25% drop in renal function having a 38.8% mean decline in eGFR at 10 years compared with 10.2% in controls. CONCLUSION: Persistent postoperative declines in renal function may be linked to long-term mortality. Further research is needed to assess causal relationships and prevention.
PURPOSE: Synchronous multiple primary lung cancer (SMPLC) is a special type. Currently, there are few reports on the clinical characteristics, genetic status, treatment strategies, and prognosis of SMPLC after radical surgery. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed cases of SMPLC patients from January 2018 to October 2023. All patients underwent radical surgery and had genetic results using Next-generation sequencing (NGS) or Amplification refractory mutation system polymerase chain reaction (ARMS-PCR) for at least one lesion. Analysis was conducted on the clinical information, pathological types, genetic status, treatment strategies, and prognoses. RESULTS: We analyzed 72 patients with SMPLC in stage I-IIIA, and 64 of them were in stage IA. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation was the most common gene, followed by Tumor protein 53(TP53) and Kirsten Rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS). Among the population with EGFR mutations, EGFR L858R, EGFR 19DEL, and EGFR G719X are common, accounting for 47.6%, 33.3%, and 7.2%, respectively. Among the 72 patients, 66 were lung cancer-free with a median follow-up time of 32 months and six patients experienced disease recurrence with a median Disease-free survival (DFS) of 24 months. For stage IA patients, DFS was correlated with the presence of pathological high-risk factors (combined small cell lung cancer, solid/micropapillae subtype) (P<0.001) and PD-L1 expression (P = 0.008), but was not correlated with the number of primary lesions, pathological stage (IA1, IA2, IA3), TP53/KRAS mutation, or status of EGFR sensitive mutation. CONCLUSION: EGFR is a high-frequency mutation in early stage SMPLC. Radical surgery is a suitable treatment strategy for stage IA SMPLC patients, including those with EGFR sensitive mutations. Pathological high-risk factors and PDL-1 positive expression correlate with poorer prognoses in stage IA patients.
BACKGROUND: Lung cancer is a form of cancer that is responsible for the largest incidence of deaths attributed to cancer worldwide. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most prevalent of all the subtypes of the disease. Treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) may help some people who have been diagnosed with non-small cell lung cancer. The presence of actionable mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene is a key predictor of how a patient will respond to a TKI. Thus, the frequency of identification of mutations in EGFR gene in patients with NSCLC can facilitate personalized treatment. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to screen for mutations in the EGFR gene and to investigate whether there is a correlation between the screened mutations and various clinical and pathological factors, such as gender, smoking history, and age, in tissue samples from patients with NSCLC. METHODS: The study comprised 333 NSCLC tissue samples from 230 males and 103 females with an average age of 50 years. Exons 18-21 of the EGFR gene have been examined using real-time PCR. Using SPSS, correlations between clinical and demographic variables were examined, and EGFR mutation and clinical features associations were studied. RESULTS: The study's findings revealed that the incidence rate of EGFR mutation was 24.32% (81/333), with partial deletion of exon 19 (19-Del) and a point mutation of L858R in exon 21 accounting for 66.67% (P < 0.001) and 28.40% (P < 0.001) of the mutant cases, respectively. Patients who had the T790M mutation represent 4.94% (P = 0.004) of total number of patients. Females harbored EGFR mutations (54.32%) with higher frequency than men (45.68%) (P < 0.001), while nonsmokers had EGFR mutations (70.37%) more frequently than current smokers (29.63%) (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The screening study conducted in Egypt reported that the EGFR mutations prevalence was 24.32% among Egyptians with NSCLC. The study also found a slight gender bias, with females having an incidence rate of these mutations higher than males. Additionally, nonsmokers had higher rates of mutations in EGFR gene compared to smokers. According to the findings, somatic EGFR mutations can be employed as a diagnostic tool for non-small cell lung cancer in Egypt, and they can be implemented in conjunction with clinical criteria to identify which patients are more likely to respond favorably to TKIs.
PURPOSE: The purpose of the study was to improve the understanding of NF1-associated breast cancer, given the increased risk of breast cancer in this tumour predisposition syndrome and the limited data. METHODS: We identified 18 women with NF1 and breast cancer at our institution. Clinical and pathologic characteristics of NF1-associated breast cancers were compared with 7132 breast cancers in patients without NF1 from our institutional database. Next generation sequencing was performed on DNA from blood and breast cancer specimens available. Blood specimens negative for NF1 mutation were subjected to multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) to identify complete/partial deletions or duplications. Expression of neurofibromin in the NF1-associated breast cancers was evaluated using immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: There was a higher frequency of grade 3 (83.3% vs 45.4%, p = 0.005), oestrogen receptor (ER) negative (66.7% vs 26.3%, p < 0.001) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive (66.7% vs 23.4%, p < 0.001) tumours among NF1 patients compared to non-NF1 breast cancers. Overall survival was inferior in NF1 patients in multivariable analysis (hazard ratio 2.25, 95% CI 1.11-4.60; p = 0.025). Apart from germline NF1 mutations (11/16; 69%), somatic mutations in TP53 (8/10; 80%), second-hit NF1 (2/10; 20%), KMT2C (4/10; 40%), KMT2D (2/10; 20%), and PIK3CA (2/10; 20%) were observed. Immunohistochemical expression of neurofibromin was seen in the nuclei and/or cytoplasm of all specimens, but without any consistent pattern in the intensity or extent. CONCLUSIONS: This comprehensive series of NF1-associated breast cancers suggests that their aggressive features are related to germline NF1 mutations in cooperation with somatic mutations in TP53, KMT2C and other genes.
Cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) is a regulator of the extracellular matrix and is expressed primarily in the cartilage. Recently, COMP expression was also documented in breast cancer patients both in sera and tumor biopsies, in both of which it could serve as an independent prognostic marker. This study aimed to assess COMP as a potential biomarker in the group of metastatic breast cancer patients. Levels of COMP were measured by ELISA in serum samples of 141 metastatic breast cancer patients. Biopsies from primary tumors, synchronous lymph node metastases, and distant metastases were stained for COMP expression. The levels of serum COMP were higher in patients with ER- and HER2-positive tumors when compared to triple-negative tumors and correlated with the presence of bone and lung metastases, circulating tumor cell count, and clusters. Most of the primary tumors expressing COMP (70%) retained the expression also in the lymph node metastases, which correlated with visceral metastases and reduced survival. In conclusion, COMP appears as a valuable biomarker in metastatic breast cancer patients indicating a more severe stage of the disease. Serum COMP levels were associated with specific types of metastases in patients with metastatic breast cancer emphasizing that further studies are warranted to elucidate its potential role as a monitoring marker.
The prognosis of metastatic gastric cancer is poor. Despite the use of VEGF-, EGFR-, and HER2-targeting agents, prognosis is still poor in advanced gastric cancer. Although cancer immunotherapy responds well in some patients, clinical use is limited due to unanswered patients. For this reason, it is necessary to know the characteristics of primary and metastatic cancer cells for patient selection for immunotherapy and additional criteria are required. MHC-1 downregulation is most frequently observed in the tumor escape mechanism of cancer cells from the immune system. MHC-1 downregulation with increased PDL-1 expression of cancer cells has an important role in immune escape. MHC-1 downregulation and PDL-1 expression have been shown in many types of cancers. However, there is no study on the status of MHC-1 and PDL-1 in primary and metastatic tumor tissue. In this study, MHC-1 and PDL-1 score in primary and metastatic tumor cells was evaluated in 43 gastric cancer patients with lymph node metastasis. According to our results, the primary tumor PDL-1 score was correlated with the number of metastatic lymph nodes (r = 0.258; p = 0.024) and primary tumor size (r = 0.341; p = 0.045). A similar correlation was found between the primary tumor PDL-1 score and the metastatic tumor PDL-1 score (r = 0.213; p = 0.015). In our study, MHC-1 was found to be higher in primary tumors than metastatic tumors, although not statistically significant (p = 0.054). The results of our study showed high MHC-1 and low PDL-1 expression in primary tumors and low MHC-1 and high PDL-1 expression in metastatic tumors. These results reveal different biological characteristics of primary and metastatic tumor cells.
Taxanes represent a treatment of choice for metastatic breast cancer. Their combination with bevacizumab improved response rate and progression-free survival. We studied in vitro the effect on cell survival of the combination of either paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel with bevacizumab and we investigated the biological factors involved in the response to treatments. We used two breast cancer cell lines, MCF7 (ER+/HER2-) and MDA-MB-231 (ER-/HER2-), co-cultured with or without HUVEC cells. We analysed cell survival by MTT test, VEGF secretion by ELISA and VEGFR, SPARC, MDR1 expression by western blot. Doses of both taxanes causing a 50 % growth inhibition were higher in MCF7 than MDA-MB-231, suggesting that taxanes are more effective in ER- cell lines. When both cell lines were grown as single culture, the combination bevacizumab+paclitaxel showed a similar anti-proliferative effect compared to paclitaxel alone. The association bevacizumab+nab-paclitaxel was more effective than nab-paclitaxel alone. An increased anti-proliferative effect of bevacizumab+paclitaxel was observed when MDA-MB-231 cells were cultured with HUVEC. We detected an induction of VEGF secretion when MDA-MB-231 cells were treated with either taxanes. Paclitaxel caused a reduction of VEGF in MCF7. SPARC resulted up-regulated in both cell lines treated with bevacizumab+nab-paclitaxel. Nab-paclitaxel seems to play an important role in inhibiting tumor proliferation through albumin-SPARC bound in association with bevacizumab compared to taxanes alone in both breast cancer cells. The addition of bevacizumab to paclitaxel increased its activity only in ER- cells. This difference might be due to their ER status.
Although endocrine disruptors represent a serious concern to human health, the underlying molecular mechanisms leading to diseases such as cancer remain poorly understood. Recent work has uncovered the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) as a possible mediator of these adverse health effects, with important implications for the role of endocrine disruptors in human diseases.
The refractory pulmonary adenocarcinoma is characterized by its metastasis and resistance to cytotoxic agents. While the underlying molecular mechanism is unclear, the property of chemoresistance may mainly lie in the presence of highly resistant cancer stem cells. We examined the function of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling in maintaining cancer stem cells (CSCs) in lung adenocarcinoma. Lentivirus-mediated knockdown of beta-catenin expression accelerated cell cycle. Subsequently, beta-catenin knockdown PC9 cells improve the sensitivity to chemotherapy. Further focusing on Wnt signal by administrating PP and EGFR-TKIs as Wnt antagonists can decrease metastasis and induce apoptosis. Collectively, these results indicate that Wnt signaling pathway plays an essential role in maintaining highly resistant CSCs, regulation of cell cycle, metastasis and apoptosis in lung adenocarcinoma.
BACKGROUND: We have previously reported nuclear localization of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) protein in oropharyngeal cancer tissue. Nuclear EGFR levels were inversely correlated with survival and response to radiotherapy. Here, we sought to identify the determinants and correlates of nuclear EGFR content. METHODS: We analyzed an oropharyngeal cancer tissue microarray for the expression of the key molecules of the EGFR signaling cascade using an automated image analysis technique (AQUA) scored on a scale of 0 to 255, which permits protein quantitation and subcellular localization. Patients with oropharyngeal squamous cell cancer treated with radiotherapy or surgery and radiotherapy were eligible. Data were analyzed using Spearman correlations and multiple linear regression with robust SEs. RESULTS: Of the 95 tumors included in this study, 72 (75%) had sufficient tissue for analysis of nuclear EGFR. Nuclear EGFR levels were associated with membranous/cytoplasmic EGFR levels (rho = 0.82, P < 0.001), nuclear extracellular signal-regulated kinase-2 (rho = 0.30, P = 0.01), and nuclear proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA; rho = 0.36, P = 0.003). Nuclear phosphorylated-Akt, cyclin D1, phosphatase and tensin homolog (mutated in multiple cancers 1) (PTEN), p53, and proliferation marker Ki-67 levels did not correlate with nuclear EGFR level. In multivariable analysis, only PCNA retained its significant association (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: These results are consistent with preclinical data showing that EGFR may function as a tyrosine kinase in the nucleus, phosphorylating and stabilizing PCNA. The nuclear activity of EGFR may constitute a novel therapeutic target.
INTRODUCTION: It is not clear whether high mammographic density (MD) is equally associated with all subtypes of breast cancer (BC). We investigated the association between MD and subsequent BC, considering invasiveness, means of detection, pathologic subtype, and the time elapsed since mammographic exploration and BC diagnosis. METHODS: BC cases occurring in the population of women who attended screening from 1997 through 2004 in Navarre, a Spanish region with a fully consolidated screening program, were identified via record linkage with the Navarre Cancer Registry (n = 1,172). Information was extracted from the records of their first attendance at screening in that period. For each case, we randomly selected four controls, matched by screening round, year of birth, and place of residence. Cases were classified according to invasiveness (ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) versus invasive tumors), pathologic subtype (considering hormonal receptors and HER2), and type of diagnosis (screen-detected versus interval cases). MD was evaluated by a single, experienced radiologist by using a semiquantitative scale. Data on BC risk factors were obtained by the screening program in the corresponding round. The association between MD and tumor subtype was assessed by using conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: MD was clearly associated with subsequent BC. The odds ratio (OR) for the highest MD category (MD >75%) compared with the reference category (MD <10%) was similar for DCIS (OR = 3.47; 95% CI = 1.46 to 8.27) and invasive tumors (OR = 2.95; 95% CI = 2.01 to 4.35). The excess risk was particularly high for interval cases (OR = 7.72; 95% CI = 4.02 to 14.81) in comparison with screened detected tumors (OR = 2.17; 95% CI = 1.40 to 3.36). Sensitivity analyses excluding interval cases diagnosed in the first year after MD assessment or immediately after an early recall to screening yielded similar results. No differences were seen regarding pathologic subtypes. The excess risk associated with MD persisted for at least 7 to 8 years after mammographic exploration. CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirm that MD is an important risk factor for all types of breast cancer. High breast density strongly increases the risk of developing an interval tumor, and this excess risk is not completely explained by a possible masking effect.
Leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptors 4, 5, and 6 (LGR4/5/6) play critical roles in development and cancer. The widely accepted mechanism is that these proteins, together with their R-spondin ligands, stabilize Wnt receptors, thus potentiating Wnt signaling. Here we show that LGR4 enhanced breast cancer cell metastasis even when Wnt signaling was deactivated pharmacologically or genetically. Furthermore, LGR4 mutants that cannot potentiate Wnt signaling nevertheless promoted breast cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro and breast cancer metastasis in vivo. Multiomic screening identified EGFR as a crucial mediator of LGR4 activity in cancer progression. Mechanistically, LGR4 interacted with EGFR and blocked EGFR ubiquitination and degradation, resulting in persistent EGFR activation. Together, these data uncover a Wnt-independent LGR4-EGFR signaling axis with broad implications for cancer progression and targeted therapy. SIGNIFICANCE: This work demonstrates a Wnt-independent mechanism by which LGR4 promotes cancer metastasis.See related commentary by Stevens and Williams, p. 4397.
GLOBOCAN 2022 reported that breast cancer is a primary contributor to the incidence and mortality rates of cancer in women. The very high and low Human Development Index (HDI) tiers are the primary contributors to the highest incidence and mortality rates, respectively. This study aimed to provide a comprehensive landscape overview of trends, dynamics, and research hot spots on the application of tamoxifen in treating breast cancer over the past 50 years. We retrieved data from the Scopus database, spanning from 1973 to 2022. We utilised Microsoft Excel, Harzing's Publish or Perish, and VOSviewer to perform exhaustive analyses, including the publication trend, co-authorship, co-citation, co-occurrence of authors, organisations, countries, and keywords. A total of 3,721 publications fit the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Jordan VC was the most prominent author, making substantial contributions to the research topic. Erasmus MC was the most prolific organisation, while the Swiss Group for Clinical Cancer Research exhibited the most robust international collaboration. The United States and the United Kingdom consistently have the highest publication, TLS, and h- and g-indices. Using keyword co-occurrence analysis, we identify adjuvant endocrine therapy, postmenopausal, EGFR, HER2, and autophagy as research hot spots. For the past five decades, the research output of the application of tamoxifen in breast cancer treatment has exhibited an upward trend. This endeavour provides a crucial reference for researchers to direct greater attention toward research hot spots in the hope that it will improve breast cancer patients' treatments and, consequently, increase their survival rate.
PURPOSE: next-generation sequencing based comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP) is becoming common practice. Although numerous studies have shown its feasibility to identify actionable genomic alterations in most patients, its clinical impact as part of routine management across all cancers in the community remains unknown. METHODS: we conducted a retrospective study of all patients that underwent CGP as part of routine cancer management from January 2013 to June 2017 at an academic community-based NCI-designated cancer center. CGP was done in addition to established first tier reflex molecular testing as per national guidelines (e.g., EGFR/ALK for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and extended-RAS for colorectal cancer). RESULTS: 349 tests were sent for CGP from 333 patients and 95% had at least one actionable genomic alteration reported. According to the reported results, 23.2% had a Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved therapy available, 61.3% had an off-label therapy available and 77.9% were potentially eligible for a clinical trial. Treatment recommendations were also reviewed within the OncoKB database and 47% of them were not clinically validated therapies. The CGP results led to treatment change in only 35 patients (10%), most commonly in NSCLC. Nineteen of these patients (54% of those treated and 5% of total) had documented clinical benefit with targeted therapy. CONCLUSION: we demonstrate that routine use of CGP in the community across all cancer types detects potentially actionable genomic alterations in a majority of patients, however has modest clinical impact enriched in the NSCLC subset.
Whereas the Her2/neu/erbB2 receptor (Her2) could be a molecular target of the receptor-positive breast cancer, the therapeutic targets of Her2-negative cancer largely remain to be established. The expression of Her2 was evaluated in 48 primary breast cancer tumors by immunohistochemistry. The identified Notch pathway was studied in genotoxin-dependent suppression of breast cancer-initiating cell growth. Immunohistochemical assessment of Her2-negative tumors revealed significant association with overexpression of Notch1 and Notch3. Knockdown of Notch pathway resulted in sensitization of breast cancer cells to deionizing radiation, leading to cell death; the effect was more significant in stem marker CD44+ than in CD44- cells, and more profound in the Her2-negative than in positive cancer cells. The present study indicates that inhibition of Notch signaling could antagonize survival signal of Her2-negative breast cancer-initiating cells carrying genomic damage, and suggests that targeted suppression of the Notch pathway may give the rationale for sensitizing Her2-negative cancer-initiating cells to a therapeutic approach.
BACKGROUND: Plasma epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation tests are widely used when non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients acquire resistance to EGFR inhibitors. We comprehensively evaluated the clinical utility of plasma EGFR test. METHODS: We screened NSCLC patients who had a plasma EGFR test upon acquiring resistance to first- or second-generation EGFR inhibitors. Plasma EGFR tests were performed with the EGFR mutation test. RESULTS: A total of 355 patients were tested for plasma EGFR mutations, and T790M was detected in 83 patients (23%). Of 79 patients who were tested multiple times, T790M was newly detected in 13 subsequent plasma tests. When initial plasma tests did not detect any EGFR mutation types, the detection rate of T790M in subsequent tests was very low (9%, 5/56), while detection rates of T790M in subsequent tests increased (35%, 8/23) in those individuals in whom sensitizing mutations had been detected in the initial plasma test (P=0.005). Paired plasma and tissue EGFR test results were available for 235 patients. Sensitivity and specificity of the plasma tests for T790M were 14% and 87%, respectively. Among 235 patients, 140 patients had tissue EGFR tests performed after T790M-negative plasma results were reported. The subsequent tissue test detected T790M in 61% (44/72) of these patients when any EGFR mutations were not detected in prior plasma tests, while the detection rate of T790M in subsequent tissue tests was 37% (25/68) when sensitizing mutations were detected in prior plasma tests (P=0.004). CONCLUSIONS: Because the sensitivity of plasma EGFR test for T790M is low, follow-up tissue or plasma tests are necessary. Presence or absence of a sensitizing mutation in the initial plasma tests can be used to determine which samples (tissue or plasma) should be submitted for further testing.
As the standard first-line treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation, EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) have significantly improved the median progression-free survival (PFS) up to 18.9 months. However, almost all patients eventually develop acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs, which limits the first-line PFS. To overcome the resistance and improve overall survival, researchers have tried to identify the resistance mechanisms and develop new treatment strategies, among which a combination of EGFR-TKIs and cytotoxic chemotherapy is one of the hotspots. The data from preclinical and clinical studies on combined EGFR-TKIs and chemotherapy have shown very interesting results. Here, we reviewed the available preclinical and clinical studies on first-line EGFR-TKIs-chemotherapy combination in patients with advanced NSCLC harboring activating EGFR mutation, aiming to provide evidences for more potential choices and shed light on clinical treatment.
We report a case of a 65-year-old woman with stage IV lung adenocarcinoma who experienced Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) during afatinib therapy. The patient received afatinib as the first-line therapy after the confirmation of harboring an exon 19 deletion mutation in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene. The patient presented with multiple erythematous papules mainly on the body trunk and thigh 32 days after afatinib administration. Subsequently, diffuse erosions of oral mucosa and purpuric macules with flat atypical targets emerged. Skin biopsy specimen showed the histology compatible with epidermal necrosis and the patient was diagnosed as having SJS. The symptoms of SJS were recovered by systemic steroid and immunoglobulin treatment. Gefitinib was administered as the third-line therapy after the second-line therapy with carboplatin plus pemetrexed had failed. Tumor shrinkage was obtained shortly and has been maintained without the recurrence of SJS. Rechallenge of tyrosine kinase inhibitor by gefitinib could be an alternative treatment option in patients who experienced SJS by afatinib.
Although HER2 gene status determines the eligibility of breast cancer patients to trastuzumab therapy, only a fraction of HER2 gene-amplified cancers are actually responsive, indicating that complex genotypical profiles might sustain HER2-targeted therapy responsiveness. To identify genetic factors modulating the response to HER2-targeted therapy, the numerical status of chromosome 17 was evaluated in HER2 gene-amplified tumor specimens from 43 patients who received trastuzumab-based treatment for advanced breast cancer, and in 60 unamplified breast carcinomas. Archival tumor specimens were analyzed by interphase fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) using a centromeric probe for chromosome 17 simultaneously with the HER2/neu human gene-specific probe. In the 43 patients who received trastuzumab-based treatment, response rate and time to progression (TTP) were compared between subgroups according to chromosome 17 status. Numerical aberrations of chromosome 17 were found in 65% of HER2-amplified tumors (single centromeric signal, 44%; >3 centromeric signals, 21%) and 60% of unamplified cancers (single centromeric signal, 43%; >3 centromeric, 17%). In the 43 treated metastatic breast cancer patients, trastuzumab was combined with docetaxel (35 patients), paclitaxel (2 patients), or vinorelbine (6 patients). Response rate was 92% in patients with >2 centromeric signals (chromosome 17 eusomy/polysomy), and 53% in patients whose tumor showed a single signal (chromosome 17 monosomy) (p=0.005). Chromosome 17 numerical status was not found to affect TTP. Multivariate logistic regression analysis confirmed that the effect of chromosome 17 monosomy on tumor response was independent of other potential clinical variables. Our findings suggest that 17 monosomy defines a subgroup of HER2 gene-amplified breast cancer characterized by reduced responsiveness to trastuzumab-based treatment. Further studies on the imbalance between the amplified HER2 gene and functionally antagonist gene(s) on chromosome 17 are warranted.
PURPOSE: ErbB family represents a promising therapeutic target in upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma (UUTUC). Our study aimed to correlate ErbB2, ErbB3 and ErbB4 expression in UUTUC with other clinicopathological parameters as well as patient outcome. METHODS: ErbB2, ErbB3 and ErbB4 were immunohistochemically assessed in 99 consecutive UUTUC specimens. RESULTS: With a median follow-up of 52.5 months (range 1-127) 28 patients (28.3%) died 1-95 months after the first surgical treatment and the mean survival was 18.9-24.2 months. ErbB2, ErbB3 and ErbB4 expression was positive in 64.8, 19.5, and 20.8% of the tumors, respectively. Combined expression of all 3 receptors was found in 7.9% of the tumors, combined expression of 2 receptors in 14.5% and 48.7% expressed at least one ErbB receptor. No ErbB expression was found in 28.9% of the tumors. We found no significant correlation between ErbB2, ErbB3 and ErbB4 expression with tumor stage, grade, recurrence or cancer specific survival apart from the inverse relation between ErbB2 expression and time to recurrence (p=0.027). CONCLUSION: Of the 3 receptors evaluated, neither ErbB3 nor ErbB4 showed any prognostic significance in the UUTUC. ErbB2, however, was inversely associated with recurrence and needs further evaluation in well-designed, prospective, randomized trials.
PURPOSE: Endocrine therapy resistance in advanced breast cancer remains a significant clinical problem that may be overcome with the use of histone deacetylase inhibitors such as entinostat. The ENCORE301 phase II study reported improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) with the addition of entinostat to the steroidal aromatase inhibitor (AI) exemestane in advanced hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: E2112 is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III study that enrolled men or women with advanced HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer whose disease progressed after nonsteroidal AI. Participants were randomly assigned to exemestane 25 mg by mouth once daily and entinostat (EE) or placebo (EP) 5 mg by mouth once weekly. Primary end points were PFS by central review and OS. Secondary end points included safety, objective response rate, and lysine acetylation change in peripheral blood mononuclear cells between baseline and cycle 1 day 15. RESULTS: Six hundred eight patients were randomly assigned during March 2014-October 2018. Median age was 63 years (range 29-91), 60% had visceral disease, and 84% had progressed after nonsteroidal AI in metastatic setting. Previous treatments included chemotherapy (60%), fulvestrant (30%), and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor (35%). Most common grade 3 and 4 adverse events in the EE arm included neutropenia (20%), hypophosphatemia (14%), anemia (8%), leukopenia (6%), fatigue (4%), diarrhea (4%), and thrombocytopenia (3%). Median PFS was 3.3 months (EE) versus 3.1 months (EP; hazard ratio = 0.87; 95% CI, 0.67 to 1.13; P = .30). Median OS was 23.4 months (EE) versus 21.7 months (EP; hazard ratio = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.82 to 1.21; P = .94). Objective response rate was 5.8% (EE) and 5.6% (EP). Pharmacodynamic analysis confirmed target inhibition in entinostat-treated patients. CONCLUSION: The combination of exemestane and entinostat did not improve survival in AI-resistant advanced HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: Early detection of lung cancer (LC) has been well established as a significant key point in patient survival and prognosis. New highly sensitive nanoarray sensors for exhaled volatile organic compounds that have been developed and coupled with powerful statistical programs may be used when diseases such as LC are suspected. Detection of genetic aberration mutation by nanoarray sensors is the next target. METHODS: Breath samples were taken from patients who were evaluated for suspicious pulmonary lesions. Patients were classified as those with benign nodules, as patients with LC with or without the EGFR mutation, and according to their smoking status. Breath prints were recognized by nanomaterial-based sensor array, and pattern recognition methods were used. RESULTS: A total of 119 patients participated in this study, 30 patients with benign nodules and 89 patients with LC (16 with early disease and 73 with advanced disease). Patients with LC who harbored the EGFR mutation (n = 19) could be discriminated from those with wild-type EGFR (n = 34) with an accuracy of 83%, sensitivity of 79%, and specificity of 85%. Discrimination of early LC from benign nodules had 87% accuracy and positive and negative predictive values of 87.7 and 87.5% respectively. Moderate discrimination (accuracy of 76%) was found between LC of heavy smokers and that of never-smokers or distant past light smokers. CONCLUSIONS: Breath analysis could discriminate patients with LC who harbor the EGFR mutation from those with wild-type EGFR and those with benign pulmonary nodules from those patients with early LC. A positive breath print for the EGFR mutation may be used in treatment decisions if tissue sampling does not provide adequate material for definitive mutation analysis.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) alterations are associated with multiple cancers. Current EGFR-directed therapies have led to increased efficacy but are associated with specific side effects. The antibody-drug conjugate depatuxizumab mafodotin (depatux-m) targets EGFR with a monoclonal antibody linked to a cytotoxin, and is highly tumor-specific. METHODS: This phase 1/2 study evaluated the safety, pharmacokinetics, and efficacy of depatux-m in patients who had advanced solid tumors with known wild-type EGFR overexpression, amplification, or mutated EGFR variant III. A 3 + 3 dose escalation was used, and 2 dosing schedules were evaluated. Depatux-m also was manufactured under an alternate process to reduce the drug load and improve the safety profile, and it was tested at the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). In another cohort, prolonged infusion time of depatux-m was evaluated; and a cohort with confirmed EGFR amplification also was evaluated at the MTD. RESULTS: Fifty-six patients were treated. The MTD and the recommended phase 2 dose for depatux-m was 3.0 mg/kg. Common adverse events (AEs) were blurred vision (48%) and fatigue (41%). A majority of patients (66%) experienced 1 or more ocular AEs. Grade 3 or 4 AEs were observed in 43% of patients. One patient with EGFR-amplified, triple-negative breast cancer had a partial response. Stable disease was observed in 23% of patients. Pharmacokinetics revealed that depatux-m exposures were approximately dose-proportional. CONCLUSIONS: Depatux-m resulted in infrequent nonocular AEs but increased ocular AEs. Patient follow-up confirmed that ocular AEs were reversible. Lowering the drug-antibody ratio did not decrease the number of ocular AEs. A partial response in 1 patient with EGFR-amplified disease provides the opportunity to study depatux-m in diseases with a high incidence of EGFR amplification. Cancer 2018;124:2174-83. (c) 2018 The Authors. Cancer published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Cancer Society. This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited and is not used for commercial purposes.
PURPOSE: In this study, we test the hypothesis that the use of ATB reduces the efficacy of PD(L)1-targeting mAb. METHODS: We included patients with locally advanced, inoperable or metastatic, EGFR wildtype and ALK-negative non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received a PD(L)1 targeting mAb (immune checkpoint inhibitor, ICI) between January 2013 and December 2017. The primary study objective was to assess the predictive impact of ATB use within 2 months prior to starting ICI treatment on overall survival from the time of starting ICI treatment (OS-ICI). RESULTS: 33 out of 218 evaluable patients (15.1%) received ATB within 2 months prior to starting ICI treatment. The use of ATB prior to starting ICI was associated with a lower rate of radiological response (18.2 vs. 28.3%, respectively, P = 0.02). PFS was significantly shorter in patients receiving ATB within 2 months prior to ICI compared to those not receiving ATB (median PFS 1.4 vs. 5.5 months, HR = 2.22, P < 0.01). OS-ICI was significantly shorter in NSCLC patients receiving ATB within 2 months prior to ICI compared to those not receiving ATB (median OS-ICI 1.8 vs. 15.4 months, HR = 2.61, P < 0.01; adjusted HR = 3.73, P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that ATB may have a deleterious effect in patients with advanced NSCLC receiving ICI treatment, and more research seems to be justified to explore potential mechanisms.
Many cancers harbor pro-proliferative mutations of the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. In BRAF-driven melanoma cells treated with BRAF inhibitors, subpopulations of cells escape drug-induced quiescence through a nongenetic manner of adaptation and resume slow proliferation. Here, we found that this phenomenon is common to many cancer types driven by EGFR, KRAS, or BRAF mutations in response to multiple, clinically approved MAPK pathway inhibitors. In 2D cultures and 3D spheroid models of various cancer cell lines, a subset of cells escaped drug-induced quiescence within 4 days to resume proliferation. These "escapee" cells exhibited DNA replication deficits, accumulated DNA lesions, and mounted a stress response that depended on the ataxia telangiectasia and RAD3-related (ATR) kinase. We further identified that components of the Fanconi anemia (FA) DNA repair pathway are recruited to sites of mitotic DNA synthesis (MiDAS) in escapee cells, enabling successful completion of cell division. Analysis of patient tumor samples and clinical data correlated disease progression with an increase in DNA replication stress response factors. Our findings suggest that many MAPK pathway-mutant cancers rapidly escape drug action and that suppressing early stress tolerance pathways may achieve more durable clinical responses to MAPK pathway inhibitors.
PURPOSE: Thromboembolism (TE) and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) are often present concomitantly. This study aimed to investigate the clinical features of patients with lung cancer and TE and/or DIC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data on 716 patients with pathologically confirmed diagnoses of lung cancer were retrospectively analyzed for TE/DIC. RESULTS: TE was identified in 16 patients (2.2%) and DIC was identified in 5 (0.7%) during the diagnosis of cancer. TE was more often observed in adenocarcinoma (4.0%). Both TE and DIC were more often observed in stage IV (4.7% and 1.5%, respectively). In patients with stage IV adenocarcinoma who received some systemic treatment, overall survival (OS) was significantly shorter in patients with TE (median 280 days) and with DIC (72 days) than in non-TE/DIC patients (538 days). Multivariate analysis showed that older age, poor performance status, greater number of metastatic organs, no EGFR mutation/ALK fusion, presence of interstitial lung disease, and DIC were poor prognostic factors for OS. In 339 patients in stage IV, 25 (7.4%) and 21 (6.2%) patients had TE and DIC, respectively, during the course. Six patients exhibited both TE and DIC. TE was more often observed in adenocarcinoma (20 of 196 patients; 10.2%). Patients with DIC had extremely shorter survival (median 13 days) after onset. Cancer control by systemic therapy, such as chemotherapy and molecular-targeted therapy, contributed to long survival. CONCLUSION: Patients with TE/DIC had shorter OS than patients without TE/DIC. Control of lung cancer by systemic therapy was important for longer survival after the onset of events.
Chameleon proteins are proteins which include sequences that can adopt alpha-helix-beta-strand (HE-chameleon) or alpha-helix-coil (HC-chameleon) or beta-strand-coil (CE-chameleon) structures to operate their crucial biological functions. In this study, using a network-based approach, we examined the chameleon proteins to give a better knowledge on these proteins. We focused on proteins with identical chameleon sequences with more than or equal to seven residues long in different PDB entries, which adopt HE-chameleon, HC-chameleon, and CE-chameleon structures in the same protein. One hundred and ninety-one human chameleon proteins were identified via our in-house program. Then, protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks, Gene ontology (GO) enrichment, disease network, and pathway enrichment analyses were performed for our derived data set. We discovered that there are chameleon sequences which reside in protein-protein interaction regions between two proteins critical for their dual function. Analysis of the PPI networks for chameleon proteins introduced five hub proteins, namely TP53, EGFR, HSP90AA1, PPARA, and HIF1A, which were presented in four PPI clusters. The outcomes demonstrate that the chameleon regions are in critical domains of these proteins and are important in the development and treatment of human cancers. The present report is the first network-based functional study of chameleon proteins using computational approaches and might provide a new perspective for understanding the mechanisms of diseases helping us in developing new medical therapies along with discovering new proteins with chameleon properties which are highly important in cancer.
Epithelioid sarcoma (ES) is a rare soft tissue neoplasm with high recurrence rates. Wide surgical resection remains the only potential curative treatment. ES presents most commonly on the fingers, hands and forearm, making light-based cancer cell-targeted therapies such as near-infrared photoimmunotherapy (NIR-PIT) that is target-specific, but with limited penetration depth, suitable for ES treatment. We established that CD44 and EGFR were overexpressed in ES patient samples and in the VA-ES-BJ human ES cell line. NIR-PIT of VA-ES-BJ cells using antibody photosensitizer conjugates, prepared by conjugating a CD44 or EGFR monoclonal antibody to the photosensitizer IR700, confirmed that NIR-PIT with both conjugates resulted in cell death. Neither treatment with NIR light alone nor treatment with the conjugates but without NIR light were effective. CD44-IR700-PIT resulted in greater cell death than EGFR-IR700-PIT, consistent with the increased expression of CD44 by VA-ES-BJ cells. In tumors, EGFR-IR700 exhibited a higher tumor-to-normal ratio, as determined by in vivo fluorescence imaging, and a higher anti-tumor growth effect, compared to CD44-IR700. No antitumor effect of the EGFR antibody or the photosensitizer conjugate alone was observed in vivo. Our data support evaluating the use of EGFR-IR700-PIT in the management of ES for detecting and eliminating ES cells in surgical margins, and in the treatment of superficial recurrent tumors.
Molecular inhibition of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a promising anticancer strategy, and monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) to EGFR are undergoing extensive evaluation in preclinical and clinical trials. However, the effects of anti-EGFR mAbs on EGFR signaling have remained unclear. We have now examined the effects of 2 anti-EGFR mAbs, matuzumab (EMD72000) and cetuximab (Erbitux), both of which are currently under assessment for treatment of various cancers, on EGFR signal transduction and cell survival in nonsmall cell lung cancer cell lines. Similar to EGF, matuzumab and cetuximab each induced phosphorylation of EGFR at several tyrosine phosphorylation sites as a result of receptor dimerization and activation of the receptor tyrosine kinase. In contrast to the effects of EGF, however, EGFR activation induced by these antibodies was not accompanied by receptor turnover or by activation of downstream signaling pathways that are mediated by Akt and Erk and are important for regulation of cell proliferation and survival. In addition, clonogenic survival assays revealed that matuzumab and cetuximab reduced the survival rate of H292 cells, in which they also inhibited the EGF-induced activation of Akt and Erk. Although we have examined only a few cell lines, our results indicate that the antitumor effects of matuzumab and cetuximab depend on inhibition of EGFR downstream signaling mediated by Akt or Erk rather than on inhibition of EGFR itself.
PURPOSE: To retrospectively investigate whether parenchymal enhancement in dynamic contrast material-enhanced magnetic resonance (MR) imaging of the contralateral breast in patients with unilateral invasive breast cancer is associated with therapy outcome. MATERIALS AND METHODS: After obtaining approval of the institutional review board and patients' written informed consent, 531 women with unilateral invasive breast cancer underwent dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging between 2000 and 2008. The contralateral parenchyma was segmented automatically, in which the mean of the top 10% late enhancement was calculated. Cox regression was used to test associations between parenchymal enhancement, patient and tumor characteristics, and overall survival and invasive disease-free survival. Subset analyses were performed and stratified according to immunohistochemical subtypes and type of adjuvant treatment received. RESULTS: Median follow-up was 86 months. Age (P < .001) and immunohistochemical subtype (P = .042) retained significance in multivariate analysis for overall survival. In patients with estrogen receptor-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer (n = 398), age (P < .001), largest diameter on MR images (P = .049), and parenchymal enhancement (P = .011) were significant. In patients who underwent endocrine therapy (n = 174), parenchymal enhancement was the only significant covariate for overall survival and invasive disease-free survival (P < .001). CONCLUSION: Results suggest that parenchymal enhancement in the contralateral breast of patients with invasive unilateral breast cancer is significantly associated with long-term outcome, particularly in patients with estrogen receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative breast cancer. Lower value of the mean top 10% enhancement of the parenchyma shows potential as a predictive biomarker for relatively poor outcome in patients who undergo endocrine therapy. These results should, however, be validated in a larger study.
Aflibercept plus FOLFIRI prolongs overall survival (OS) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer after the failure of oxaliplatin-containing therapy. QoLiTrap prospectively evaluated the quality of life (QoL) and effectiveness of this regimen in daily clinical practice, according to RAS status, sex, and prior targeted therapy, especially epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors (EGFR-I). The primary endpoint was the percentage of patients whose EORTC QLQ-C30 global health status (GHS) improved or reduced by <5% from baseline during the first 12 weeks of therapy. Secondary endpoints included objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), and safety. One thousand two hundred and seventy-seven patients were treated with aflibercept plus FOLFIRI and 872 were evaluable for QoL. GHS improved or decreased by <5% in 40.3% of cases. The ORR was 20.8%, the median PFS was 7.8 months (95% confidence interval (CI), 7.3-8.3), and the median OS was 14.4 months (95% CI, 13.1-18.1). After prior EGFR-I, the ORR was 23.7%, median PFS was 9.4 months (95% CI, 6.5-12.9), and median OS was 17.4 months (95% CI, 10.5-33.7). The safety profile was consistent with previously reported data. Aflibercept plus FOLFIRI given in daily practice maintained QoL in mCRC patients, was associated with a high objective tumor response, and retained its activity regardless of sex, RAS status, and prior EGFR-I therapy.
Immunotherapy, based on mAbs specifically directed against cancer cells, is considered a precious strategy in the fight against cancer because of its selectivity and lack of multidrug resistant effects. However, there are obstacles to the complete success of current immunotherapy such as immune responses to nonhuman or even humanized antibodies and the large size of the antibodies, which hinders their diffusion into bulky tumors. Fully human, small immunoagents, capable of inhibiting tumor growth may overcome these problems and provide safe, highly selective and effective antitumor drugs. An attractive target for immunotherapy is ErbB2, a transmembrane tyrosine kinase receptor, overexpressed on tumor cells of different origin, with a key role in the development of malignancy. An anti-ErbB2 humanized monoclonal (Herceptin) is currently used with success for breast cancer therapy; however, it can engender cardiotoxicity and a high proportion of breast cancer patients are resistant to Herceptin treatment. Anti-ErbB2 immunoagents of human origin, with potentially no or very low immunogenicity have been engineered to assemble 'compact', i.e. reduced size, antibodies, one consisting of a human single-chain antibody fragment (scFv) fused to a human RNase to construct an immunoRNase and the other made up of two human scFv molecules fused to the Fc region of a human IgG1. By choosing a human antibody fragment as the immune moiety and a human RNase as the effector moiety, an immunoRNase would be both nonimmunogenic and nontoxic, as it becomes toxic only when the scFv promotes its internalization by target cells. The alternative strategy of compact antibodies was aimed at producing therapeutic agents with an increased half-life, prolonged tumor retention and the ability to recruit host effector functions. Moreover, the bivalency of compact antibodies can be exploited to construct bispecific antibodies, as well as for other therapeutic applications.
Until recently, despite its heterogenous biology, metastatic triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) was treated as a single entity, with successive lines of palliative chemotherapy being the only systemic option. Significant gene expression studies have demonstrated the diversity of TNBC, but effective differential targeting of the four main (Basal-like 1 and 2, mesenchymal and luminal androgen receptor) molecular sub-types has largely eluded researchers. The introduction of immunotherapy, currently useful only for patients with PD-L1 positive cancers, led to the stratification of first-line therapy using this immunohistochemical biomarker. Germline BRCA gene mutations can also be targeted with PARP inhibitors in both the adjuvant and metastatic settings. In contrast, the benefit of the anti-Trop-2 antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) Sacituzumab govitecan (SG) does not appear confined to patients with tumours expressing high levels of Trop-2, leading to its potential utility for any patient with an estrogen receptor (ER)-negative, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer (ABC). Most recently, low levels of HER2 expression, detected in up to 60% of TNBC, predicts benefit from the potent HER2-directed antibody-drug conjugate trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd), defining an additional treatment option for this sub-group. Regrettably, despite recent advances, the median survival of TNBC continues to lag far behind the approximately 5 years now expected for patients with ER-positive or HER2-positive breast cancers. We review the data supporting immunotherapy, ADCs, and targeted agents in subgroups of patients with TNBC, and current clinical trials that may pave the way to further advances in this challenging disease.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness in a real-world study of adjuvant trastuzumab in women with HER-2+ initial breast cancer in overall survival and recurrence-free survival. A retrospective cohort study was conducted with women who had HER-2+ breast cancer treated with trastuzumab from July 2012 to May 2017 and followed up until July 2021. The death rate was 2.62 per 100 persons/year, and the incidence rate of recurrence was 7.52 per 100 persons/year. The probability of survival at 8.7 years was 85.9%, while the probability of recurrence-free survival in the same period was 62.8%. The use of trastuzumab proved to be effective in the adjuvant treatment of breast cancer in a public health service in southern Brazil. Prognostic factors associated with worse overall survival or relapse did not influence the natural history of the disease, except locally advanced disease at the beginning of treatment. The data presented may prove to be useful in helping to make decisions about whether to use trastuzumab in the treatment of initial or locally advanced breast cancer in the Brazilian SUS.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy of trastuzumab-based treatment in patients with HER2/neu-positive metastatic gastric cancer. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Medical Oncology, Istanbul University, Institute of Oncology, Istanbul, Turkey, between January 2014 and December 2020. METHODOLOGY: The clinicopathological characteristic and treatment data of patients with HER2/neu-positive metastatic gastric cancer were recorded retrospectively. Kaplan-Meier analysis was performed to compare the chemotherapy regimens. RESULTS: Sixty-three patients were included in the study. The average age was 61. Female patients accounted for 27% of the total, while male patients accounted for 73%. De novo metastatic cases accounted for 44 (69.8%) of the total number of patients. The median survival time was 13.6 (8-19.3) months. Complete response was 6.3%, partial response was 39.7%, and the stable response was 9.5% with trastuzumab-based chemotherapy. The overall survival (p= 0.45) and progression-free survival (p=0.893) were similar for different chemotherapy regimens. The grade 1-2 to grade 3-4 toxicity ratio was 79.6% and 20.6%, respectively. The patients' performance (p<0.001) and the number of metastatic sites (p=0.001) were both shown to be unfavourable predictive variables for OS in multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: The addition of taxane to trastuzumab-based combinations (with platinum and fluoropyrimidine) did not affect overall and progression-free survival in this research. Three or more metastatic sites and poor performance status were found as the unfavourable prognostic variables for overall survival. KEY WORDS: Gastric cancer, Trastuzumab, Chemotherapy, Prognostic factors.
INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVE: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is an aggressive subtype that has no available molecular targets. It occurs most often in premenopausal African-American and Hispanic/Latino women. In Colombia, its prevalence has been reported to be 20.6%. Androgen receptor (AR) belongs to the steroid nuclear receptor family and has been recently considered a potential biomarker for breast cancer. Considering the high prevalence of TNBC in Colombian women and the lack of knowledge of AR expression, our aim was to determine the frequency of AR expression and its association with pathological variables. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 149 women diagnosed with TNBC between 2011 and 2014 were included. Clinical and pathological data were obtained from medical and pathology reports. Information on hormone receptor status, Ki67 expression and HER2 was reevaluated by a pathologist. AR expression was considered positive when it exceeded 1% of nuclear staining in tumor cells. RESULTS: AR expression was detected in 41.6% of the samples. Although we did not find statistically significant differences in clinic-pathological variables according to AR expression, patients with AR expression over 50% were younger (53.92 years vs. 60.78 years, p=0.027) and presented higher Ki67 expression (64.06% vs. 47.32%, p=0.05), compared to patients with a low AR expression. The median overall survival in our sample of TNBC patients was 2.45 years. CONCLUSIONS: The expression of AR in our sample was similar to the expression in populations of European descent. We found statistically significant differences in age at diagnosis and Ki67 expression according to AR expression.
We proposed to identify the efficacy of an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) using whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT)/stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS)/surgery in brain metastases from patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and clarify the association between treatment outcome and EGFR gene mutation status. A total of 282 patients with NSCLC brain metastases who underwent WBRT/SRS/surgery alone or in combination with TKI were enrolled in our study from 2003-2013. Amplification mutation refractory system technology was used to determine the EGFR mutation status in 109 tissue samples. EGFR mutation detection was performed in 109 patients with tumor tissues. The EGFR positive rate was 50 % (55/109), including 26 exon 19 deletions and 24 L858R mutations. The median follow-up time was 28 months. The median overall survival, median progression-free survival of intracranial disease, and median progression-free survival of extracranial disease was significantly longer for patients with TKI treatment (31.9 vs 17.0 months, P < 0.0001; 19.8 vs 12.0 months, P < 0.0001; and 19.6 vs 12.3 months, P < 0.0001; respectively). In subgroup analysis within the TKI group, patients harboring EGFR mutations had better extracranial disease control (20.4 vs 14.1 months, P = 0.032). Administration of TKI agents with conventional therapy compared with conventional therapy alone might be beneficial for overall survival, progression-free survival of intracranial disease and progression-free survival of extracranial disease in patients with brain metastases from NSCLC independent of EGFR mutations.
Treatment of advanced stage epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is often complicated by the occurrence of acquired resistance, which emphasizes the need for improved treatment options. Based on a previously reported structure-activity relationship (SAR) study of Spautin-1, which resulted in the discovery of 10a, the search for more potent analogues was envisaged through optimization of the amine substituent. Our search led to the discovery of analogue 15b, harbouring the 2-[4-(4-fluoro-phenoxy)-phenyl]ethylamine substituent, among other potent and original analogues, with nanomolar activity towards EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells. Moreover, this compound 15b showed good selectivity for cancer cells over healthy lung epithelial cells and provides additive effects with food and drug administration (FDA) approved EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), as proven by the co-administration of 15b with Afatinib. Altogether, we report promising lead compounds which show the potential to improve current treatment options.
Acquired resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) is a major obstacle in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. We explored the role of miR-200c in modulating the sensitivity of gefitinib-resistant NSCLC cells and examined the underlying mechanism. The gefitinib-resistant cell line PC-9-ZD and its parental PC-9 cells were used. Growth inhibition was detected by MTT assay. The cell apoptosis was detected by Annexin V/PI assay. Cell migration was assessed by wound-healing assay. RT-PCR was used to detected levels of miR-200c and ZEB1. The PI3k, Bcl-2, Bax, caspase-3 and ZEB1 protein expression were detected using Western blot analysis, and TUNEL, Immunohistochemistry for xenograft model. PC-9-ZD cells had low level of miR-200c expression compared to its parental PC-9 cells. PC-9-ZD cells with miR-200c transfection were more sensitive to gefitinib treatment. Apoptosis induced by gefitinib was observed in PC-9-ZD cells with miR-200c transfection significantly. The levels of phosphorylated-Akt and Bcl-2 expression decreased and levels of Bax and Caspase-3 expression increased in PC-9-ZD cells with miR-200c transfection. Cell migration was inhibited and ZEB1 mRNA level and protein expression were significantly decreased in PC-9-ZD cells with miR-200c transfection. Further in gefitinib resistant xenograft model, miR-200c enhanced sensitivity of gefitinib and induced apoptosis significantly through PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and targeting ZEB1. These results provided insights into the functions of miR-200c and offered an alternate approach in treating gefitinib-resistance NSCLC.
The purpose of this study was to determine the safety, distribution, internal dosimetry, and initial human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive tumor images of (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab in humans. METHODS: PET was performed on 6 patients with primary or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer at 1, 24, and 48 h after injection of approximately 130 MBq of the probe (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab. Radioactivity data were collected from the blood, urine, and normal-tissue samples of these 6 patients, and the multiorgan biodistribution and internal dosimetry of the probe were evaluated. Safety data were collected for all the patients after the administration of (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab and during the 1-wk follow-up period. RESULTS: According to our results, the best timing for the assessment of (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab uptake by the tumor was 48 h after injection. Radiation exposure during (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab PET was equivalent to that during conventional (18)F-FDG PET. The radioactivity in the blood was high, but uptake of (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab in normal tissues was low. In 2 patients, (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab PET showed brain metastases, indicative of blood-brain barrier disruptions. In 3 patients, (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab PET imaging also revealed primary breast tumors at the lesion sites initially identified by CT. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study indicated that (64)Cu-DOTA-trastuzumab PET is feasible for the identification of HER2-positive lesions in patients with primary and metastatic breast cancer. The dosimetry and pharmacologic safety results were acceptable at the dose required for adequate PET imaging.
BACKGROUND: A 21-gene expression assay (Oncotype DX recurrence score [RS]) that uses reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction is used clinically in patients with early-stage, estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast carcinoma (ER+/HER2- BC) to determine both prognosis with tamoxifen therapy and the usefulness of adding adjuvant chemotherapy. Use of the assay is associated with reductions in overall chemotherapy use. The current study examined the treatments and outcomes in patients with low RS. METHODS: The authors reviewed the institutional database to identify patients with lymph node-negative, ER+/HER2- BC who were treated at the study institution between September 2008 and August 2013 and their 21-gene RS results. RESULTS: A total of 1406 consecutive patients with lymph node-negative ER+/HER2- BC and a low RS were identified (510 patients had an RS of 0-10 and 896 patients had an RS of 11-17). The median age at the time of diagnosis of BC was 56 years; 63 patients (4%) were aged <40 years. Overall, 1361 patients (97%) received endocrine therapy and 170 patients (12%) received chemotherapy. The median follow-up was 46 months. Six patients (0.4%) developed distant metastases (1 patient with an RS of 5 and 5 patients with an RS of 11-17). In the cohorts of patients with an RS of 11 to 17, the absolute rate of distant metastasis among patients aged <40 years was 7.1% (3 of 42 patients) versus 0.2% among patients aged >/=40 years (2 of 854 patients). CONCLUSIONS: The data from the current study document a 0.4% rate of distant metastasis within 5 years of BC diagnosis among patients with lymph node-negative ER+/HER2- BC with an RS <18. Patients aged <40 years at the time of BC diagnosis were observed to have a higher rate of distant metastases. Analysis of data from other studies is necessary to validate this observation further. Cancer 2017;131-137. (c) 2016 American Cancer Society.
In recent years, the spread of more-sensitive diagnostic methods has resulted in an increase of synchronous multiple primary lung cancer diagnosis. Nevertheless, its occurrence is still rare. Distinction between synchronous lesions from second independent primary tumors is a problem when dealing with multiple lung tumors, particularly if the histological type is the same. We present a case report of a 78-year-old female patient referred to our institution due to pneumonia. A subsequent thoracic computed tomography (CT) was performed showing two suspicious lesions, one in the right upper lobe and the other in the right inferior lobe. The CT-guided transthoracic needle biopsy of both pulmonary lesions revealed two adenocarcinomas, but with a rare combination of distinct morphologic variants, as well as different immunophenotypes and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene status. The patient refused surgery and was submitted to stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT). She maintained tight follow-up and until now, she has not shown any signs of relapse or metastasis. A multidisciplinary approach with clinical, morphologic and molecular evaluation in multiple lung cancer is important to diagnosis and treatment guidance.
BACKGROUND: The low incidence and poor prognosis primary trastuzumab resistance (PTR) in HER2-positive breast cancer has limited research into possible treatments. Thus, it remains unclear whether this group of patients could benefit from nontargeting HER2 antiangiogenic therapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We collected the medical data for HER2-positive patients with PTR who received apatinib 250 mg and trastuzumab-based chemotherapy (ATBC) between March 18, 2017, and March 31, 2022. All patients had progressed on >/=2 anti-HER2 treatments, including trastuzumab and small molecular tyrosine kinase inhibitors. We evaluated tumor response and safety profiles to ATBC over a median follow-up time of 34.5 months. RESULTS: A total of 198 consecutively HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer patients were reviewed; 20 were PTR and received ATBC. The clinical benefit rate of the total cohort was 55.0%. No patient showed a complete response. The median PFS and overall survival (OS) of the entire cohort was 5.7 months (95% CI 2.9-8.5) and 24.6 months (95% CI 6.9-42.4), respectively. The estimated 2-year survival rate was 46.7% (95% CI 38.4-81.6%). The most common nonhematologic adverse events were hypertension (70.0%), hand-foot skin reaction (55.0%), proteinuria (40.0%), and cardiovascular decrease of LVEF (20.0%). No new toxicities were observed. CONCLUSION: ATBC had favorable effects for PTR breast cancer patients in later line treatment. The toxicity of the triple-combination regimen was tolerable; thus, further research should focus on identifying PTR patients who could benefit from ATBC.
OBJECTIVES: We have conducted a phase 2 study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of carboplatin, paclitaxel, and bevacizumab in patients with non-squamous non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who are epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation positive and for whom EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) 1st-line has failed. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with stage IIIB or IV non-squamous NSCLC harbored activating EGFR mutations that has failed 1st-line EGFR-TKI and an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1 were included in this study. Patients received carboplatin at an area under the concentration-time curve 5 or 6, paclitaxel 200mg/m(2), and bevacizumab 15mg/kg on D1. The combination therapy was repeated every 21 days for up to three to six cycles. Bevacizumab was continued until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity for patients without disease progression (PD). The primary endpoint was objective response rate (ORR). RESULTS: Thirty-one patients were enrolled between March 2010 and January 2013, with 30 patients being eligible. ORR was 37% (90% CI; 24-52%) and disease control rate, 83% (95% CI; 66-92%). The median progression free survival (PFS) was 6.6 months (95% CI; 4.8-12.0 months) and median overall survival, 18.2 months (95% CI; 12.0-23.4 months). The most common grade >/=3 hematologic toxicity was neutropenia (93%), and non-hematologic toxicity, febrile neutropenia (20%). There were no clinically relevant grade >/=3 bleeding events and no treatment-related deaths. CONCLUSION: The combination therapy of carboplatin, paclitaxel and bevacizumab did not achieve the initial treatment goal.
Despite the potential therapeutic efficacy of epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in the treatment of advanced stage bladder cancer, there currently is no clear evidence to support this hypothesis. In this study, we investigate whether the concurrent treatment of autophagy-blocking agents with EGFR inhibitors exerts synergistic anti-cancer effects in T24 and J82 human bladder cancer cells. Lapatinib and gefitinib were used as EGFR inhibitors, and bafilomycin A1 (BFA1), chloroquine (CQ) and 3-methyladenine (3-MA) were used as the pharmacologic inhibitors of autophagy activities. To assess the proliferative and self-renewal capabilities, the Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) assay and a clonogenic assay were performed, respectively. To examine apoptotic cell death, flow cytometry using annexin-V/propidium iodide (PI) was used. To measure the autophagy activities, the expression levels of LC3I and II was determined by Western blot analysis. To validate the synergistic effects of autophagy inhibition with EGFR inhibitors, we specifically blocked key autophagy regulatory gene ATG12 by transfection of small interference RNA and examined the phenotypic changes. Of note, lapatinib and gefitinib triggered autophagy activities in T24 and J82 human bladder cancer cells, as indicated by upregulation of LC3II. More importantly, inhibiting autophagy activities with pharmacologic inhibitors (BFA1, CQ or 3-MA) remarkably reduced the cell viabilities and clonal proliferation of T24 and J82 cells, compared to those treated with either of the agents alone. We also obtained similar results of the enhanced anti-cancer effects of EGFR inhibitors by suppressing the expression of ATG12. Notably, the apoptotic assay showed that synergistic anti-cancer effects were induced via the increase of apoptotic cell death. In summary, concomitant inhibition of autophagy activities potentiated the anti-cancer effects of EGFR inhibitors in human bladder cancer cells, indicating a novel therapeutic strategy to treat advanced bladder cancer.
Male breast cancer is a rare neoplasm, accounting for approximately 1% of all breast cancer cases. It typically presents as a painless, retroareolar mass. An exceedingly rare variant is male occult breast cancer, which is primarily characterized by axillary lymph node enlargement without an identifiable primary breast tumor. We report an intriguing case of a septuagenarian patient diagnosed with male occult breast cancer. The patient presented with both axillary lymph node enlargement and an associated axillary skin ulcer, and was subsequently diagnosed with male occult breast cancer with metastases to the axillary and clavicular lymph nodes, as well as more distant sites. His treatment involved a multidisciplinary approach, including HER2-targeted therapy, chemotherapy, axillary lymph node dissection, and radiotherapy. Regular follow-ups have shown that his condition remains stable. Notably, this is the first documented case of male occult breast cancer with distant metastasis that was successfully treated with surgery and radiotherapy following systemic therapy. This case highlights the complex clinical presentation and management of male occult breast cancer. Our findings suggest that surgical intervention may be a feasible option post-downstaging by systemic therapy, even in the presence of distant metastases.
BACKGROUND: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) is critical for patients with lung cancer due to poor prognosis. We presented patient-reported outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) brain metastases (BM) who received whole-brain radiotherapy (WBRT) in combination with erlotinib or WBRT alone in the phase 3 ENTER study. METHODS: The patients' HRQoL was assessed by using the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer 30-item Core Quality of Life Questionnaire (EORTC QLQ-C30). Mean changes in scores on different quality of life (QoL) scales relative to baseline were reported. The QoL response and time to deterioration of QoL were compared between different treatment arms. RESULTS: The absolute mean differences in global health status/QoL scores, all functional and symptom scale scores from baseline between the two arms were not significantly different at all follow-up time points. After month 5, there was an improvement in nausea/vomiting symptom scores in the WBRT arm relative to their pretreatment baseline (P=0.003), while the WBRT + erlotinib arm had improved scores in fatigue (P=0.01), nausea/vomiting (P=0.02), pain (P=0.04) and insomnia (P=0.01). Compared to the WBRT arm, a greater proportion of patients in the combination treatment arm had deteriorating diarrhea (P=0.009), along with significantly delayed time to deterioration in role function (4.4 vs. 7.0 months, P=0.03), insomnia (7.0 vs. 4.7 months, P=0.02), and constipation (12.7 vs. 9.3 months, P=0.02) symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: The simultaneous addition of erlotinib during WBRT did not decrease the QoL in the overall or epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant patients with BM and resulted in improvements on more QoL scales and slower worsening of some self-reported symptoms compared to WBRT alone. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01887795.
Novel 1,2,3-triazole hybrids bearing various substituents have been synthesized as potential anticancer agents. Ligand-based approach has been adopted to design these compounds relying on the hybridization of 1,2,3-triazole with alpha,beta-unsaturated carbonyl, 5- and 6-membered heterocyclic scaffolds. All synthesized members were investigated for their cytotoxic potency against nine types comprising 60 panels of human cancerous cells by the US National Cancer Institute: Development Therapeutic Program (US_NCI_DTP). Among the tested members, 4b, 4e, and 4h showed prominent cytotoxic effects (> 80 % growth inhibition: GI) on a wide panel of tested cancer cell lines, mainly melanoma and colorectal cancer redeeming their selection for five dose testing. Presenting low nanomolar GI(50) concentrations, two representative potent anticancer compounds 4b and 4e were subjected to cytotoxicity testing on colon normal cell (FHC) to investigate their safety window and they showed less toxicity to normal cells at the concentration required to produce anticancer effect. Furthermore, 4b and 4e were exposed to additional mechanistic studies in colorectal cancer cell HCT-116 suggesting multifaceted mechanisms of action. A study into the effects of cytotoxic chemicals 4b and 4e on cell cycle progression regulation showed triggered the arrest of cell cycles during the G1 and S phases. Moreover, 4b and 4e caused cell death mainly through apoptosis the thing that has been reinforced by the elevated Bax: Bcl2 ratio, as well as concentrations of caspases 3 and 9 within HCT-116. Further, both compounds showed prominent inhibition profiles against tubulin polymerization as well as EGFR catalytic activity reaching down to low-digit micromolar and sub-micromolar concentrations, respectively, as compared to positive reference controls. Compounds' impacts on gene expression of cancer-associated and EGFR-downstream signaling markers including TNFalpha, IL-6, and mTOR, were explored in HCT-116 highlighted significant downregulations versus the untreated cells. Docking studies demonstrated the specific fit of 4b and 4e into EGFR and the colchicine binding site of tubulin.
BACKGROUND: ROS1 gene fusions cause several cancers by constitutively activating the ROS1 tyrosine kinase receptor. ROS1-targeted inhibitor therapy improves survival in the approximately 1% to 2% of patients with lung adenocarcinoma with ROS1 gene fusions. Although fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) is the standard diagnostic procedure for detecting ROS1 rearrangements, we studied immunohistochemistry (IHC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: ROS1 IHC was performed on a selected cohort of 33 lung adenocarcinoma whole tissue specimens with alterations in the EGFR (n = 5), KRAS (n = 5), ERBB2 (HER2) (n = 3), ROS1 (n = 6), ALK (n = 5), and RET (n = 3) genes and pan-negative (n = 6) detected by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and FISH. RESULTS: In the cohort of 33 specimens, both ROS1 gene fusion using RT-PCR and high ROS1 protein expression using IHC were detected in 6 specimens. Of these 6 specimens, 5 were also positive by FISH for ROS1 gene rearrangements. All 27 lung cancer specimens that were negative for ROS1 rearrangements by genetic testing had no to low ROS1 protein expression. CONCLUSION: We have optimized ROS1 IHC and scoring to provide high sensitivity and specificity for detecting ROS1 gene rearrangements in whole tissue. ROS1 IHC could be a practical and cost-effective method to screen for ROS1 gene rearrangements.
We have created novel HER2-overexpressing human ovarian adenocarcinoma cell line stably transfected with far-red fluorescent protein TurboFP635. Growth characteristics, adhesion capacity and morphology of the cells do not differ from that of parental cell line. The obtained cell line (SKOV-kat) was confirmed to have high level of expression of the tumor marker HER2 comparable to that of initial cell line SKOV-3. The SKOV-kat cell line is designed for further establishment of experimental fluorescent models of HER2-overexpressing human ovarian cancer that make it possible to optimize and reduce the cost of preclinical study of agents for treatment of this disease.
For non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations, the initial therapeutic interventions will have crucial impacts on their clinical outcomes. Drug tolerant factors reportedly have an impact on EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor sensitivity. This prospective study investigated the impacts of drug tolerant-related protein expression in tumors based on the efficacy of osimertinib in the first-setting of EGFR-mutated advanced NSCLC patients. A total of 92 patients with EGFR-mutated advanced or postoperative recurrent NSCLC were analyzed and treated with osimertinib at 14 institutions in Japan. AXL, p53, and programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression in patient tumors was determined using immunohistochemistry. The AXL signaling pathway was investigated using a cell line-based assay and AXL-related gene expression in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database. High levels of AXL and positive-p53 expression were detected in 26.1% and 53.3% of the pretreatment EGFR-mutated NSCLC tumors, respectively. High AXL expression levels were significantly associated with a shorter progression-free survival compared with low AXL expression levels, irrespective of the EGFR activating mutation status (p = 0.026). Cell line-based assays indicated that the overexpression of AXL protein accelerated PD-L1 expression, which induced insensitivity to osimertinib. In the TCGA database, AXL RNA levels were positively correlated with PD-L1 expression in the lung adenocarcinoma cohort. The results show that high AXL expression levels in tumors impact clinical predictions when using osimertinib to treat EGFR-mutated NSCLC patients. Trial Registration: UMIN000043942.
Small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors targeting HER 2 receptors have emerged as an important therapeutic approach in inhibition of downstream proliferation and survival signals for the treatment of breast cancers. Recent drug discovery efforts have demonstrated that naturally occurring polyphenolic compounds like delphinidin have potential to inhibit proliferation and promote apoptosis of breast cancer cells by targeting HER2 receptors. While delphinidin may thus reduce tumour size, it is associated with serious side effects like dysphonia. Owing to the narrow therapeutic window of delphinidin, the present study aimed to identify high affinity compounds targeting HER2 with safer pharmacological profiles than delphinidin through virtual screening approaches. Delphinidin served as the query parent for identification of structurally similar compounds by Tanimoto-based similarity searching with a threshold of 95% against the PubChem database. The compounds retrieved were further subjected to Lipinski and Verber's filters to obtain drug like agents, then further filtered by diversity based screens with a cut off of 0.6. The compound with Pubchem ID: 91596862 was identified to have higher affinity than its parent. In addition it also proved to be non-toxic with a better ADMET profile and higher kinase activity. The compound identified in the study can be put to further in vitro drug testing to complement the present study.
The combination of cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibitors and endocrine treatment has benefited patients with estrogen receptor-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (ER + /HER2-) metastatic breast cancer; however, its effects in the neoadjuvant setting for ER + /HER2- early breast cancer (EBC) are unclear. Systematic searches were performed in PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and major oncological meetings for trials of CDK4/6 inhibitors plus neoadjuvant endocrine treatment (NET) vs. NET/neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) alone up to January 30, 2021. We assessed the efficacy of CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET vs. NET/NACT alone in ER + /HER2- EBC. Six studies that included 803 patients treated with CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET vs. NET/NACT alone were used. Compared with NET/NACT alone, CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET increased the complete cell cycle arrest (CCCA) rate (OR, 9.00; 95% CI, 5.42-14.96; P < 0.001). Nonsignificant differences between CDK4/6 inhibitors and NET/NACT alone occurred in the preoperative endocrine prognostic index (PEPI)-0 rate (OR, 1.13; 95% CI, 0.59-2.18; P = 0.71), pathological complete response (pCR) rate (OR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.13-4.29; P = 0.74), objective response rate (ORR) (OR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.21-2.29; P = 0.55), and disease control rate (DCR) (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.47-2.89; P = 0.74). CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET indicated a high risk of neutropenia (OR, 56.43; 95% CI, 15.76-202.11; P < 0.001) as an adverse effect (AE) and elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) level (OR, 15.30; 95% CI, 2.02-115.98; P = 0.008) as grade 3/4 AEs. Compared with NET/NACT alone, CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET increased CCCA rate in ER + /HER2- EBC patients. CDK4/6 inhibitors plus NET did not substantially improve the PEPI-0 rate, pCR rate, ORR, or DCR. The combination increased the risk of neutropenia and elevated ALT levels. In the neoadjuvant setting, addition of CDK4/6 inhibitors to NET may be an option for treating ER + /HER2- EBC.
We describe a 75-year-old Chinese man who presented with three separate tumors in three different lobes of the lung, without evidence of mediastinal or systemic involvement. All three tumors were surgically resected by minimal invasive approach. Based on a differing epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation status, the tumors were characterized as synchronous triple primary rather than intrapulmonary metastases. This report highlights the clinical usefulness of molecular cancer biomarkers to determine prognosis and to guide management decision in multiple lung tumors.
The purpose of this study is to examine the expression of Yes-associated protein (YAP) in metaplastic carcinoma and compare to those of triple-negative breast carcinoma (TNBC) for investigation of its implication. Tissue microarrays containing 34 cases of metaplastic carcinoma and 175 cases of TNBC were constructed and immunohistochemical staining was used to evaluate expression of the following proteins: YAP and phosphorylated YAP (pYAP). According to immunohistochemical staining results of cytokeratin 5/6, EGFR, claudin 3, claudin 4, claudin 7, E-cadherin, STAT-1, androgen receptor, and GGT-1, metaplastic carcinoma and TNBC were sub-classified into six subtypes: basal-like type, molecular apocrine type, claudin-low type, immune-related type, mixed type, and null type. Comparing the expression of YAP and pYAP in metaplastic carcinoma and TNBC, the expression of nuclear YAP (p = 0.025), cytoplasmic pYAP (p = 0.010), and nuclear pYAP (p = 0.014) in tumor cell was higher in metaplastic carcinoma than TNBC. In metaplastic carcinoma, the nuclear YAP expression in tumor cell was associated with loss of E-cadherin (p = 0.020) and claudin type (p = 0.020), and the stromal YAP expression was associated with claudin 7 positivity (p = 0.003). In conclusion, the YAP expression in metaplastic carcinoma is higher than that in TNBC, representing the association of stemness and epithelial-mesenchymal transition features in metaplastic carcinoma.
PURPOSE: Individual responses to platinum-based treatment for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) are influenced by genetic polymorphisms, including Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs). This study aimed to explore the role of ERCC2 in the Nucleotide Excision Repair (NER) pathway for platinum-based chemotherapy in NSCLC. While ERCC2 is widely studied, data for Southeast Asian populations are lacking. Addressing this gap could improve personalized treatment strategies for NSCLC in this demographic. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This study recruited 82 NSCLC patients with wildtype mutations of EGFR at Dr. H.A. Rotinsulu Lung Hospital, Bandung, and Dharmais Cancer Hospital, Jakarta. Data were collected prospectively from whole blood samples and medical records, while the effectiveness of chemotherapy was assessed by evaluating the response using RECIST 1.1 criteria on fourth cycle of chemotherapy. RESULTS: The results of this study showed the presence of genotype variation among the subjects, with frequency distribution as follows: AA genotype (82.9%), AC genotype (15.9%), and CC genotype (1.2%). The analysis of the association between ERCC2 rs13181 CC + AC versus AA with RECIST 1.1 yielded an odds ratio (OR) of 1.042 (95% CI: 0.292-3.715; p=0.950). A multivariate analysis that included cancer stage and chemotherapy regimen as additional variables produced an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 0.970 (95% CI: 0.263-3.568; p=0.963). CONCLUSION: This study did not find statistically significant associations between ERCC2 rs13181 polymorphisms and chemotherapy responses. However, this research highlights the presence of genetic variation within the Indonesian population, with the AA genotype being the most prevalent, which may influence chemotherapy responses. The results provided preliminary data and lay the foundation for future comprehensive cohort observational investigations.
BACKGROUND: Human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2)-positive breast cancers account for nearly 20% of all breast cancer cases and microRNAs (miRNAs) play crucial roles in disease progression. The study was aimed to explore the role of miR-221-3p in HER2-positive breast cancer. METHODS: Differentially expressed miRNAs were identified by high-throughput sequencing. Quantitative real-time PCR was used to evaluate mRNA levels of corresponding genes. CKK8 and transwell assays were performed to evaluate cell viability and migration. The translation binding was assessed by luciferase assay. RESULTS: Hsa-miR-221-3p was highly upregulated in HER2-positive breast cancer samples, particularly in patients with advanced or metastatic disease, as compared to healthy controls. miR-221-3p upregulation using mimics promoted cell proliferation and migration in HER2-positive cell lines, whereas miR-221-3p suppression had the opposite effect. Additionally, miR-221-3p mimics reduced the expression levels of LASS2 and MBD2 in HER2-positive breast cancer cells; conversely, miR-221-3p inhibition upregulated LASS2 and MBD2. miR-221-3p inhibited the translation of LASS2 and MBD2 by directly binding to their 3'-untranslated regions. Forced expression of LASS2 and MBD2 significantly attenuated the ability of miR-221-3p mimics to enhance cell growth and migration in HER2-positive but not in HER2-negative breast cancer cells. In HER-2-positive breast cancer patients, the levels of miR-221-3p were negatively correlated with the mRNA levels of LASS2 and MBD2. CONCLUSIONS: Upregulation of hsa-miR-221-3 in HER2-positive breast cancer contributes to cancer cell proliferation and migration by directly targeting the tumor suppressors LASS2 and MBD2. Therefore, the hsa-miR-221-3 may serve as a promising and actionable therapeutic target in HER2-positive breast cancer.
Antibody drug-conjugates (ADCs) targeting human epidermal growth factor (HER2) are a rapidly expanding class of cancer therapeutics. Such ADCs are known to suffer from inefficient trafficking to the lysosome due to HER2 endosomal recycling, leaving most bound ADCs at the cell surface or in early endosomes. This study aims to increase the maximum cytotoxicity of ADC treatment by co-delivering a small molecule inhibitor targeting the primary chaperone of HER2, heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). We hypothesized that inhibiting HSP90 could aid ADC cytotoxicity by overcoming HER2 endosomal recycling. Flow cytometric studies tracking HER2 surface expression revealed  approximately  10 nM geldanamycin (GA) as the threshold for inhibiting HSP90 mediated HER2 recycling. Cytotoxicity studies in HER2 overexpressing cancer cell lines NCI-N87, MDA-MB-453, and SKOV3 demonstrated that co-administration of ADC alongside 100 nM GA significantly increased cytotoxicity compared to ADC alone. In all cases, baseline cytotoxicity was observed even in low HER2 expressing line MDA-MB-231 cells, indicating possible off-target effects. To mitigate this baseline cytotoxicity, a "pulse treatment" regime was adopted where cells are pre-loaded with T-DM1 or T-MMAE ADCs for 4 h, followed by a 4-hour pulse treatment with ADC and 100 nM GA to initiate trafficking of HER2 bound ADC to the lysosome. Afterwards, GA is removed, and ADC treatment is continued. GA pulse co-treatment decreased the amount of ADC required to achieve maximum cytotoxicity while minimizing baseline cytotoxicity. No such co-treatment regime featuring a pulse sequence has been explored before. Such co-treatments could offer a viable solution to increase ADC efficacy in hard to treat or resistant HER2-positive cancers.
Multigene expression assays are prognostic for recurrence in hormone-receptor positive 2 (HER-2) negative breast cancer, and, in some cases, predictive of benefit from chemotherapy or extended endocrine therapy. The results of these assays may be used to guide treatment recommendations for early HER-2 negative breast cancer. We review the results of trials establishing the clinical utility of several commercially available gene expression assays.
We recently developed a heterobifunctional approach [phosphorylation targeting chimeras (PhosTACs)] to achieve the targeted protein dephosphorylation (TPDephos). Here, we envisioned combining the inhibitory effects of receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (RTKIs) and the active dephosphorylation by phosphatases to achieve dual inhibition of kinases. We report an example of tyrosine phosphatase-based TPDephos and the effective epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine dephosphorylation. We also used phosphoproteomic approaches to study the signaling transductions affected by PhosTAC-related molecules at the proteome-wide level. This work demonstrated the differential signaling pathways inhibited by PhosTAC compared with the TKI, gefitinib. Moreover, a covalent PhosTAC selective for mutated EGFR was developed and showed its inhibitory potential for dysregulated EGFR. Last, EGFR PhosTACs, consistent with EGFR dephosphorylation profiles, induced apoptosis and inhibited cancer cell viability during prolonged PhosTAC treatment. PhosTACs showcased their potential of modulating RTKs activity, expanding the scope of bifunctional molecule utility.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women, with high morbidity and mortality. Molecular alterations in breast cancer involve the expression or upregulation of various molecular targets that can be used for diagnostic nuclear medicine imaging and radiopharmaceutical treatment. Theragnostics is based on the binding of radionuclides to molecular targets. These radionuclides can induce a cytotoxic effect on the specific tumor cell (target) or its vicinity, thus allowing a personalized approach to patients with effective treatment and comparably small side effects. AIM: This review aims to describe the most promising molecular targets currently under investigation for theragnostics and precision oncology in breast cancer. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search of studies on theragnostics in breast cancer was performed in the PubMed, PMC, Scopus, Google Scholar, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane library databases, between 2010 and 2022, using the following terms: breast neoplasm*, breast, breast cancer*, theragnostic*, theranostic*, radioligand therap*, RLT, MET, FLT, FMISO, FES, estradiol, trastuzumab, PD-L1, PSMA, FAPI, FACBC, fluciclovine, FAZA, GRPR, DOTATOC, DOTATATE, CXC4, endoglin, gastrin, mucin1, and syndecan1. RESULTS: Fifty-three studies were included in the systematic review and summarized in six clinical sections: 1) human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2); 2) somatostatin receptors (SSTRS); 3) prostate-specific membrane antigen radiotracers (PSMA); 4) fibroblast activation protein-alpha targeted radiotracers; 5) gastrin-releasing peptide receptor-targeted radiotracers; 6) other radiotracers for theragnostics. CONCLUSION: The theragnostic approach will progressively allow better patient selection, and improve the prediction of response and toxicity, avoiding unnecessary and costly treatment.
Over the past three decades, cancer antigen (CA) 125 has been utilized for monitoring women who were treated for ovarian cancer. However, this tumor marker showed several limitations such as false elevation in benign pelvic diseases and, in turn, no alterations in ovarian tumors at early stages with a relatively high ratio. For more than ten years, the human epididymis protein 4 (HE4) has become available for the routine laboratory repertoire, showing a higher sensitivity and specificity compared to that of CA125 in ovarian malignancies, but also in other types of tumors based on recently accumulated clinical data. Despite its remarkable diagnostic characteristics, in certain cases, the evaluation of HE4 results may be problematic when patients suffer from additional conditions that may alter HE4 level. Besides the direct effects of age and smoking, menopause status and decreased renal function also show a substantial impact on HE4 values, which should be considered in each patient. For this purpose, we attempted to create a new formula and an algorithm that may be helpful to predict the probability of the presence of ovarian tumor by using the concentrations of HE4 and CA125.
BACKGROUND: The cost-effectiveness of first-line treatment with lapatinib plus letrozole for postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (hr+), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive (her2+) metastatic breast cancer (mbc) has not been assessed from the Canadian health care system and societal perspectives. METHODS: A partitioned survival analysis model with 3 health states (alive, pre-progression; alive, post-progression; dead) was developed to estimate direct and indirect costs and quality-adjusted life years (qalys) with lapatinib-letrozole, letrozole, anastrozole, or trastuzumab-anastrozole as first-line treatment. Clinical inputs for lapatinib-letrozole and letrozole were taken from the EGF30008 trial (NCT00073528). Clinical inputs for anastrozole and trastuzumab-anastrozole were taken from a network meta-analysis of published studies. Drug costs were obtained from the manufacturer's price list, the Quebec list of medications, and imsBrogan. Other costs were taken from the Ontario Health Insurance Plan's Schedule of Benefits and Fees and published studies. A 10-year time horizon was used. Costs and qalys were discounted at 5% annually. Deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to assess the effects of changes in model parameters. RESULTS: Quality-adjusted life years gained with lapatinib-letrozole were 0.236 compared with trastuzumab-anastrozole, 0.440 compared with letrozole, and 0.568 compared with anastrozole. Assuming a health care system perspective, incremental costs were $5,805, $67,029, and $67,472 respectively. Given a cost per qaly threshold of $100,000, the probability that lapatinib-letrozole is preferred was 21% compared with letrozole, 36% compared with anastrozole, and 68% compared with trastuzumab-anastrozole. Results from the societal perspective were similar. CONCLUSIONS: In postmenopausal women with hr+/her2+ mbc receiving first-line treatment, lapatinib-letrozole may not be cost-effective compared with letrozole or anastrozole, but may be cost-effective compared with trastuzumab-anastrozole.
Vitamin D and its metabolites are essential in various physiological processes, including muscle strength, metabolism, antifibrotic activity, and immune regulation. Researchers are focusing on developing vitamin D derivatives with optimized receptor selectivity and reduced systemic toxicity, enhancing their therapeutic efficacy against cancer, autoimmune disorders, and inflammatory diseases. Several analogues, such as alfacalcidol, paricalcitol, and falecalcitriol, are used for managing CKD-related bone disorders, while eldecalcitol is effective for osteoporosis, and calcipotriol against psoriasis. Recent studies have explored their impact on metabolic pathways, parathyroid hormone secretion, asthma, and liver fibrosis, revealing their broad clinical potential. Despite enormous efforts in the past decades, translations of vitamin D-drugs are disproportionately limited, mainly due to toxicity due to calcemic effects and undesirable metabolic profile. This review discusses structural modifications in vitamin D3, their influence on VDR binding, transcriptional activity, and calcium homeostasis, along with their role in targeting pathways like EGFR, KRAS, and Hedgehog in cancers. Advanced analytical techniques such as LC/ESI-MS/MS facilitate precise detection of vitamin D metabolites, further improving pharmacokinetic profiling. Future research may enable the clinical approval of novel vitamin D-based therapeutics with minimal disruption to calcium-phosphorus balance.
BACKGROUND: We recently conducted Cetuximab-AVElumab-Lung (CAVE-Lung), a proof-of-concept, translational and clinical trial, to evaluate the combination of two IgG1 monoclonal antibodies (mAb): avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 drug, and cetuximab, an anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) drug, as second- or third-line treatment in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. We have reported clinically relevant anti-tumor activity in 6/16 patients. Clinical benefit was accompanied by Natural Killer (NK) cell-mediated antibody-dependent cell cytotoxicity (ADCC). Among the 6 responding patients, 3 had progressed after initial response to a previous treatment with single agent anti-PD-1, nivolumab or pembrolizumab. METHODS: We report long-term clinical follow-up and additional findings on the anti-tumor activity and on the immune effects of cetuximab plus avelumab treatment for these 3 patients. RESULTS: As of November 30, 2021, 2/3 patients were alive. One patient was still on treatment from 34 months, while the other two patients had progression free survival (PFS) of 15 and 19 months, respectively. Analysis of serially collected peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) revealed long-term activation of NK cell-mediated ADCC. Comprehensive genomic profile analysis found somatic mutations and germline rare variants in DNA damage response (DDR) genes. Furthermore, by transcriptomic analysis of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) dataset we found that DDR mutant NSCLC displayed high STING pathway gene expression. In NSCLC patient-derived three-dimensional in vitro spheroid cultures, cetuximab plus avelumab treatment induced additive cancer cell growth inhibition as compared to single agent treatment. This effect was partially blocked by treatment with an anti-CD16 mAb, suggesting a direct involvement of NK cell activation. Furthermore, cetuximab plus avelumab treatment induced 10-, 20-, and 20-fold increase, respectively, in the gene expression of CCL5 and CXCL10, two STING downstream effector cytokines, and of interferon beta, as compared to untreated control samples. CONCLUSIONS: DDR mutations may contribute to DDR-induced STING pathway with sustained innate immunity activation following cetuximab plus avelumab combination in previously treated, PD-1 inhibitor responsive NSCLC patients.
BACKGROUND: In order to improve the outcome of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), a biomarker that can predict the efficacy of chemotherapy is needed. The aim of this study was to assess the role of EGFR mutations and ERCC1 in predicting the efficacy of platinum-based chemotherapy and the outcome of patients with NSCLC. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective study to analyze the relationships between EGFR mutations or ERCC1 expression and progression-free survival (PFS) in patients with NSCLC who received platinum-based chemotherapy. EGFR mutation status was determined using the peptide nucleic acid-locked nucleic acid polymerase chain reaction clamp method, and immunohistochemistry was used to examine the expression of ERCC1 in tumor samples obtained from the patients. RESULTS: Among the NSCLC patients who received platinum-based chemotherapy, the median PFS was significantly better in those who had never smoked and those with exon 19 deletion, and the median overall survival (OS) was significantly better in those who had never smoked, those with exon 19 deletion, and women. Cox regression analysis revealed that exon 19 deletion and having never smoked were significantly associated with both PFS and OS. Subset analysis revealed a significant correlation between ERCC1 expression and EGFR mutation, and ERCC1-negative patients with exon 19 deletion had a longer PFS than the other patients; ERCC1-positive patients without exon 19 deletion had a shorter PFS than the other patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that among NSCLC patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy, those with exon 19 deletion have a longer PFS and OS. Our findings suggest that platinum-based chemotherapy is more effective against ERCC1-negative and exon 19-positive NSCLC.
Trastuzumab (Herceptin) has many benefits for metastatic breast cancer patients with HER2 overexpression/amplification. Trastuzumab alone or trastuzumab in combination with chemotherapy regimens are standard treatment worldwide as first line therapy for metastatic breast cancer patients with HER2 overexpression/amplification. Furthermore, an international collaboration for adjuvant trastuzumab trials showed last year that trastuzumab treatment improves disease-free and overall survival after or in combination with adjuvant chemotherapy. However, there are many uncertain issues concerning trastuzumab adjuvant and metastatic treatment, such as treatment beyond disease progression (PD), combination with hormone therapy, duration of adjuvant treatment, and cardiac safety of long term treatment.
Neratinib, a typical small-molecule, pan-human tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), has been licensed for the treatment of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer. However, the underlying pharmacological mechanism is still unknown. In the current study, we report a novel function of Neratinib by showing that its treatment stimulates senescence of the mammary cancer AU565 cells. Our results demonstrate that Neratinib induces mitochondrial injury by increasing mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS) and reducing intracellular adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Also, we found that Neratinib induced DNA damage by increasing the levels of 8-Hydroxy-desoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and gammaH2AX in AU565 cells. Additionally, Neratinib reduced the levels of telomerase activity after 7 and 14 days incubation. Importantly, the senescence-associated-beta-galactosidase (SA-beta-Gal) assay revealed that Neratinib stimulated senescence of AU565 cells. Neratinib decreased the gene levels of human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT) but increased those of telomeric repeat-binding factor 2 (TERF2) in AU565 cells. Further study displayed that Neratinib upregulated the expression of K382 acetylation of p53 (ac-K382) and p21 but reduced the levels of sirtuin-1 (SIRT1). However, overexpression of SIRT1 abolished the effects of Neratinib in cellular senescence. These findings provide strong preclinical evidence of Neratinib's treatment of breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Cetuximab is a chimeric human-murine monoclonal antibody against the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). It has shown activities against multiple malignancies in clinical trials. EGFR-inhibitors (EGFRI) often cause skin toxicity, most frequently acneiform eruption. Xerosis, eczema, fissures, teleangiectases, nail changes and paronychia can be seen in some cases, rarely hyperpigmentation. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We reviewed local practice of skin toxicity management during treatment with cetuximab. From November 2005 to January 2007, 31 patients with metastatic colorectal cancer were treated with cetuximab in combination with chemotherapy. They all suffered from acne-like rash. They were followed up for at least 3 months, once per week. Skin toxicity was evaluated according to NCI CTCAE, v3.0. RESULTS: Of 31 patients, six had grade three rash, 16 patients Grade 2 and nine patients Grade 1 acne like rash. Less frequently, pruritus, dry skin, desquamation, hair modification, conjunctivitis, telangiectases, paronychia or fissures were observed. After the first documented cutaneous toxicity, topical use of emollients was started. For Grade 2 rash, we used emollients and topical antibiotics. Therapy with cetuximab was discontinued at Grade 3 until skin reactions resolved. Skin reactions at Grade 3 were generally manageable with emollients, topical and systemic antibiotics. No Grade 4 skin reactions were observed. CONCLUSION: During the treatment with EGFRI, it is necessary to recognize and manage adverse reactions promptly to assure better patient quality of life and allowing continuation of therapy without dose reduction or drug discontinuation.
Clinicopathological features of breast cancer have limited accuracy to predict survival. By immunohistochemistry (IHC), keratin 17 (K17) expression has been correlated with triple-negative status (estrogen receptor [ER]/progesterone receptor/human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 [HER2] negative) and decreased survival, but K17 messenger RNA (mRNA) expression has not been evaluated in breast cancer. K17 is a potential prognostic cancer biomarker, targeting p27, and driving cell cycle progression. This study compared K17 protein and mRNA expression to ER/progesterone receptor/HER2 receptor status and event-free survival. K17 IHC was performed on 164 invasive breast cancers and K17 mRNA was evaluated in 1097 breast cancers. The mRNA status of other keratins (16/14/9) was evaluated in 113 ER(-)/HER2(-) ductal carcinomas. IHC demonstrated intense cytoplasmic and membranous K17 localization in myoepithelial cells of benign ducts and lobules and tumor cells of ductal carcinoma in situ. In ductal carcinomas, K17 protein was detected in most triple-negative tumors (28/34, 82%), some non-triple-negative tumors (52/112, 46%), but never in lobular carcinomas (0/15). In ductal carcinomas, high K17 mRNA was associated with reduced 5-year event-free survival in advanced tumor stage (n = 149, hazard ratio [HR] = 3.68, P = .018), and large (n = 73, HR = 3.95, P = .047), triple-negative (n = 103, HR = 2.73, P = .073), and ER(-)/HER2(-) (n = 113, HR = 2.99, P = .049) tumors. There were significant correlations among keratins 17, 16, 14, and 9 mRNA levels suggesting these keratins (all encoded on chromosome 17) could be coordinately expressed in breast cancer. Thus, K17 is expressed in a subset of triple-negative breast cancers, and is a marker of poor prognosis in patients with advanced stage and ER(-)/HER2(-) breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: While the anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab was studied repeatedly as part of low-intensity regimens in less fit elderly patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC), anti-EGFR antibodies as upfront treatment modality have been scarcely investigated. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In SAKK 41/10, the benefit of cetuximab, either alone or in combination with capecitabine, was evaluated in vulnerable elderly patients with RAS/BRAF-wild-type mCRC. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The trial was stopped prematurely due to slow accrual after the inclusion of 24 patients (11 in the monotherapy arm, 13 in the combination arm). Median patient age was 80years (range 71-89), median CIRS-G score 7 (range 2-13), and median IADL score 7 (range 3-8). At week 12, 6 of 11 patients (55%) were progression-free in the cetuximab monotherapy arm and 9 of 13 patients (69%) in the combination arm. Response rate was 9% in the monotherapy arm and 38% combination arm. The 6 patients with right-sided primary tumors were not responsive to cetuximab. NGS revealed additional mutations affecting the RAS/RAF/MAP kinase pathway in 5 patients; 4 of these patients showed early disease progression. Cetuximab was generally well tolerated and a trend toward an improvement of symptom-related QoL was observed. In the combination arm, a higher incidence of toxicities and treatment stoppings was observed. In conclusion, trial recruitment - requiring both geriatric as well as molecular eligibility criteria - proved more difficult than expected. Bearing in mind the very small sample size, upfront cetuximab treatment appeared tolerable and showed promising activity in left-sided tumors in both treatment arms.
Glioblastomas (GBM), the most common primary brain tumors, infiltrate the brain, grow rapidly, and are refractory to current therapies. Signature genetic lesions in glioblastomas include mutation of the epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase (EGFR) receptor tyrosine kinase and activating mutations in components of the PI-3 kinase (PI3K) pathway. Despite years of study, how these pathways specifically regulate glial pathogenesis is unclear. To address the genetic and cellular origins of this disease, a novel Drosophila GBM model has been developed in which glial progenitor cells give rise to proliferative and invasive neoplastic cells that create transplantable tumors in response to constitutive co-activation of the EGFR-Ras and PI3K pathways. Standing with a rich literature demonstrating the direct relevance of Drosophila to studies on human cancer, neurological disease, and neurodevelopment, this model represents a robust cell-type specific Drosophila neurological disease model in which malignant cells are created by mutations in genetic pathways thought to be driving forces in a homologous human disease. Using lineage analysis and cell-type specific markers, neoplastic glial cells were found to originate from committed glial progenitor cells, rather than from multipotent neuroblasts. Genetic analyses demonstrated that EGFR-Ras and PI3K induce fly glial neoplasia through activation of a combinatorial genetic network composed, in part, of other genetic pathways also commonly mutated in human glioblastomas. In the future, large-scale forward genetic screens with this model may reveal new insights into the origins and treatments of human glioblastoma.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKI) have been widely used for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). KRAS and EGFR somatic mutations in NSCLC may predict resistance and responsiveness to TKI, respectively. Nevertheless, most research to date has been conducted on samples from primary tumors. For many patients with advanced disease, their samples can only be obtained from metastases for test. The molecular characteristics of metastasized tumors may be different from those of primary tumors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Mutation status of KRAS and EGFR between primary tumors and local lymph node metastases of 80 Chinese patients with NSCLC were analyzed by direct sequencing. Five of them were given gefitinib as neoadjunvant treatment after the EGFR-TKI sensitive mutations were detected in their biopsies of mediastinal lymph nodes metastases. McNemar's test was used to compare the EGFR and KRAS mutation status between primary tumors and corresponding local lymph node metastases. Data evaluation was carried out with SPSS_13.0 statistical software. RESULTS: Among the 160 samples, one primary tumor and seven metastases were identified with KRAS mutations and 21 primary tumors and 26 metastases were found to have EGFR mutations. KRAS and EGFR mutation status was different between primary tumors and corresponding metastases in 6 (7.5%) and 7 (8.75%) patients, respectively. One patient with no TKI sensitive mutations detected in the primary tumor showed disease progression. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a considerable proportion of NSCLC in Chinese population showed discrepancy in KRAS and EGFR mutation status between primary tumors and corresponding metastases. This observation may have important implication for the use of targeted TKI therapy in the treatment of NSCLC patients.
INTRODUCTION: Recent studies suggested that p95HER2, the NH2-terminally truncated form of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), could confer resistance to monoclonal antibodies against HER2 (HER2-mab). The aim of this study was to investigate the role of p95HER2 according to HER2 gene copy number (GCN) and HER2 mutation in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: The study included 447 resected NSCLC patients evaluated for P95HER2 status by immunofluorescence. Data were correlated with HER2 GCN evaluated by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and HER2 mutations. Tumors were scored as positive for p95HER2 expression if any cytoplasmic staining was detected. RESULTS: P95HER2 was successfully evaluated in 431 patients and was positive (p95HER2+) in 33 (7.6%) cases. HER2 GCN was evaluable in 439 patients, and increased GCN (at least four copies in at least 40% cells) was found in 60 cases, of which 22 (5.0%) displayed gene amplification (GA). Among the 22 patients with HER2 amplification, only one resulted P95HER2+. To further investigate whether the receptor is truncated in presence of gene mutation, in addition to the study cohort, we analyzed p95HER2 status in eight NSCLC samples harboring HER2 mutation, and only one case resulted p95HER2+. In the whole population, p95HER2- patients had numerically higher risk of death than p95HER2+ (hazard ratio = 1.4, p = 0.2). No difference in survival was observed between patients with or without HER2 GA (median 38 versus 41 months, p = 0.46). HER2 GA was significantly associated with EGFR and MET GA, with no effect on survival. CONCLUSIONS: HER2 truncation and HER2 increased GCN are not prognostic in resected NSCLC. P95HER2 is a very rare event in individuals displaying HER2 gene amplification or mutation.
The addition of adjuvant trastuzumab therapy for 1 year to standard chemotherapy significantly improved disease-free survival and overall survival versus chemotherapy alone in a number of pivotal early breast cancer studies. Here we review long-term follow-up data on the efficacy, cardiac safety, and general safety of trastuzumab in these pivotal studies. We also evaluate ongoing phase II/III adjuvant trials with newer HER2-targeted agents and the efficacy and safety of the recently developed subcutaneous (SC) formulation of trastuzumab in early breast cancer. Long-term follow-up data confirm the significant survival benefit afforded by the addition of trastuzumab to chemotherapy in patients with HER2-positive disease, with an acceptable safety profile. Long-term cardiac safety data suggest that the incidence of cardiac adverse events is maintained at a relatively low level with continued follow-up. At this present time, 1 year of trastuzumab treatment remains the standard of care in HER2-positive early breast cancer. Future adjuvant trastuzumab treatment strategies should focus on reducing cardiotoxicity, particularly in elderly patients, by identifying potential predictive biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction. Clinicians must also decide whether to omit trastuzumab in women who would achieve little benefit from treatment to avoid cardiotoxicity.
Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) plays a crucial role in metastasis, which is the leading cause of death in breast cancer patients. Here, we show that Cdc42 GTPase-activating protein (CdGAP) promotes tumor formation and metastasis to lungs in the HER2-positive (HER2(+)) murine breast cancer model. CdGAP facilitates intravasation, extravasation, and growth at metastatic sites. CdGAP depletion in HER2(+) murine primary tumors mediates crosstalk with a Dlc1-RhoA pathway and is associated with a transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta)-induced EMT transcriptional signature. CdGAP is positively regulated by TGF-beta signaling during EMT and interacts with the adaptor talin to modulate focal adhesion dynamics and integrin activation. Moreover, HER2(+) breast cancer patients with high CdGAP mRNA expression combined with a high TGF-beta-EMT signature are more likely to present lymph node invasion. Our results suggest CdGAP as a candidate therapeutic target for HER2(+) metastatic breast cancer by inhibiting TGF-beta and integrin/talin signaling pathways.
BACKGROUND: Chidamide (CHI) is a subtype-selective histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDACI) developed in China and approved as a second-line treatment combined with the aromatase inhibitor for hormone receptor-positive (HR(+))/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2(-)) advanced breast cancer. However, drug resistance is commonly occurred after a long period of medication. This study aimed to investigate the characterization of induced resistance to CHI and explore the potential cross-resistance to chemotherapeutic agents. METHODS: CHI with gradually increasing concentrations was added to breast cancer MCF7 cells to establish a CHI-resistant MCF7 (MCF7-CHI-R) cell line. Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assays were performed to detect half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC(50)) of CHI. Colony formation was used to determine the proliferation inhibition rate. Western blot analysis was conducted to detect expressions of protein related with cell cycle, apoptosis, ferroptosis, and histone deacetylase (HDAC). Flow cytometry was used to analyze apoptosis and cell cycle. RESULTS: The IC(50) value of CHI of MCF7-CHI-R cells was increased in comparison with MCF7 cells. And CHI led to cell cycle arrest and ferroptosis, which were not exhibited in MCF7-CHI-R cells. Moreover, HDAC activity decreased in MCF7-CHI-R cells in comparison with MCF7 cells, and HDAC1 and HDAC10 might be involved in the resistance to CHI. In addition, MCF7-CHI-R cells were resistant to gemcitabine (GEM), doxorubicin (ADM), docetaxel (DXT), albumin-bound paclitaxel (nab-PTX) and paclitaxel (PTX). CONCLUSIONS: The MCF7-CHI-R was established and the anti-ferroptosis pathway activation was involved in the resistance of MCF-CHI-R cells. Also, MCF7-CHI-R cells were resistant to GEM, ADM, DXT, nab-PTX and PTX.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer in women worldwide. To treat human breast cancer by inhibiting EGFR and HER2 targets is an important therapeutic option. Phytochemicals are found to have beneficial health effects in treating various diseases. An effort has been made to virtually screen phytochemical inhibitor by molecular docking and dynamic simulation in the current studies. The docking scores analysis resulted in a common hit Panaxadiol ligand with a low dock score for EGFR and HER2 targets. The inhibitory action of the phytocompounds was also validated by comparing it with the reference compounds Erlotinib for EGFR and Neratinib for HER2. Molecular dynamic simulation of EGFR and HER2 lead complexes ensure the ligand's appropriate refinement in the dynamic system. The target and ligand complex interaction motif established a high affinity of lead candidates in a dynamic system similar to molecular docking results. This study reveals that Panaxadiol hit molecule can be developed as a novel multi-target EGFR and HER2 target inhibitor with greater potential and low toxicity.Communicated by Ramaswamy H. Sarma.
PURPOSE: Dysregulation of HER2 signaling pathway in breast cancer is well documented. Our bioinformatics analysis predicted hsa-miR-512-3p (miR-512-3p) as a bona fide regulator of HER2 as well as HER3, PIK3R2, and AKT1 genes. Then, we intended to examine the effect of miR-512-3p on the predicted target genes that are involved in HER2 signaling pathway. METHODS AND RESULTS: RT-qPCR results indicated lower expression of miR-512-3p in breast cancer specimens, compared to their normal pairs. Overexpression of miR-512-3p resulted in HER2, HER3, PIK3R2, and AKT1 gene downregulation, detected by RT-qPCR and the result was confirmed by western analysis and ELIZA test against p-AKT, BAX, FADD, and HER2 proteins in SKBR3 cells, respectively. Then, dual-luciferase assay supported the direct interaction of miR-512-3p with 3'UTR sequences of HER2, HER3, PIK3R2, and AKT1 target genes. When miR-512-3p was overexpressed, BAX/BCL2 expression ratio and proportion of sub-G1 cell population were increased in transfected SKBR3 cells, detected by RT-qPCR and flow cytometry, respectively. These results were consistent with the decreased viability of transfected cells, documented by MTT assay. In addition, results were consistent with the upregulation of BAX, BAK, BOK, PTEN, P53, and P21 genes and downregulation of CCND1 gene in SKBR3 cells. Although the overexpression of miR-512 resulted in cell cycle arrest at Sub-G1 stage in MDA-MB-231 cells, this effect seemed independent of targeting HER2, HER3, PIK3R2, and AKT1 target genes. CONCLUSION: Overall, results indicated that miR-512-3p acts as a cell-type-specific tumor suppressor, through targeting HER2, HER3, PIK3R2, and AKT1 transcripts. These results suggest miR-512-3p as a potential candidate marker for breast cancer diagnosis.
BACKGROUND: Antiepidermal growth factor receptor (anti-EGFR) monoclonal antibodies (MoAbs) are indicated for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer patients, but some scientific issues concerning their efficacy are currently unsolved. METHODS: A literature-based meta-analysis was conducted. Hazard ratios (HRs) were extracted from randomized trials for progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS); the event-based risk ratio was derived for response. Sensitivity analyses to look for interactions according to KRAS status and chemotherapy association regimens were performed. RESULTS: Eight trials (6609 patients) were identified. A significant interaction according to KRAS status was found for PFS (wild type vs mutant, P = .001) and response rate (wild type vs mutant, P < .0001). The addition of an anti-EGFR MoAb to first-line chemotherapy increased PFS in the KRAS wild-type population (HR, 0.91; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.84-0.99; P = .03), and had a detrimental effect in the KRAS mutant population (HR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.03-1.25; P = .013). A significant increase in the probability of achieving a response was evident in KRAS wild-type patients (relative risk, 1.17; 95% CI, 1.04-1.33; P = .011). In this population, the interaction in response rate according to adopted chemotherapy favored irinotecan-containing regimens (P = .01), and at meta-regression analysis the relative increase in response rate was significantly related to PFS (P = .00001) and OS (P = .00193) benefit. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of an anti-EGFR MoAb to first-line chemotherapy produces a clear benefit in response rate. This advantage is restricted to KRAS wild-type patients and translates into a small benefit in PFS. At present, irinotecan-based backbone chemotherapy could be a preferable option. The correlation between activity and survival parameters corroborates the hypothesis that anti-EGFR MoAbs might be more suitable for patients needing tumoral shrinkage.
We have developed a breast cancer intratumoral aromatase model to simulate the postmenopausal breast cancer patient in order to compare the antitumor efficacy of aromatase inhibitors (AIs) and antiestrogens (AEs). The AI letrozole sustained growth inhibition longer than the AE tamoxifen. Nevertheless, eventually tumors began to grow despite continued treatment. Estrogen receptor-alpha (ER-alpha) levels decreased below control levels concomitant with increased phosphorylation of ER-alpha and unaltered progesterone receptor (PgR) levels. Expression of Her-2, p-Shc, Grb-2, p-Raf, p-Mekl/2, and p-MAPK was increased in the letrozole-resistant tumors. When cells isolated from letrozole-resistant tumors (LTLTCa cells) were treated with inhibitors of the Her-2 signaling pathway, such as trastuzumab (herceptin), ER-alpha was restored. Furthermore, sensitivity of LTLTCa cells to AIs and AEs was regained. These findings suggest cross-talk between ER and Her-2 signaling. To prevent activation of the Her-2 pathway and resistance to AIs, mice were treated with a combination of an AI anastrozole and the ER downregulator fulvestrant. This resulted in no increase in Her-2 and p-MAPK levels, and tumor growth was significantly inhibited. Thus, blocking both ER and Her-2 signaling delayed development of resistance to AIs. This hypothesis was supported by the finding that growth of letrozole-resistant tumors was reduced when xenografts were treated with trastuzumab combined with letrozole. In addition, resistance to letrozole could be reversed by discontinuing letrozole. Our findings indicate that after letrozole treatment is stopped, the antitumor effect of letrozole can be restored when the AI treatment is resumed.
PURPOSE: The T790M gatekeeper mutation in the EGFR is acquired by some EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) as they become resistant to selective tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI). As third-generation EGFR TKIs that overcome T790M-associated resistance become available, noninvasive approaches to T790M detection will become critical to guide management. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: As part of a multi-institutional Stand-Up-To-Cancer collaboration, we performed an exploratory analysis of 40 patients with EGFR-mutant tumors progressing on EGFR TKI therapy. We compared the T790M genotype from tumor biopsies with analysis of simultaneously collected circulating tumor cells (CTC) and circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA). RESULTS: T790M genotypes were successfully obtained in 30 (75%) tumor biopsies, 28 (70%) CTC samples, and 32 (80%) ctDNA samples. The resistance-associated mutation was detected in 47% to 50% of patients using each of the genotyping assays, with concordance among them ranging from 57% to 74%. Although CTC- and ctDNA-based genotyping were each unsuccessful in 20% to 30% of cases, the two assays together enabled genotyping in all patients with an available blood sample, and they identified the T790M mutation in 14 (35%) patients in whom the concurrent biopsy was negative or indeterminate. CONCLUSIONS: Discordant genotypes between tumor biopsy and blood-based analyses may result from technological differences, as well as sampling different tumor cell populations. The use of complementary approaches may provide the most complete assessment of each patient's cancer, which should be validated in predicting response to T790M-targeted inhibitors.
Activation of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) plays a key role in the prognosis of mammary cancer. Lapatinib is a small molecule dual RTK inhibitor that targets epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). Identifying the protein targets involved in the effects of lapatinib and other RTK inhibitors might help determine why preventive efficacy varies. In this study, female Sprague-Dawley rats were given methylnitrosourea (MNU) by intravenous injection resulting in the development of multiple estrogen receptor-positive tumors. Treatment with lapatinib beginning 5 days after MNU was highly effective in preventing cancer development. In addition, we treated rats with palpable mammary tumors with lapatinib daily. In these tumor-bearing animals, treatment continued for 42 days and therapeutic results were obtained. Some rats bearing cancers were treated for 5 days, and the resulting lesions were examined for biomarker modulation. Lapatinib effectively suppressed the abundance of HER2, phosphorylated HER2 (Tyr1221/1222), and phosphorylated EGFR (Tyr1173, Tyr1110) compared with tumors from untreated rats. Protein array analyses allowed parallel determination of the effect of lapatinib on the relative levels of protein phosphorylation and proteins associated with apoptosis. These results combined with immunoreactivity data indicated that, in addition to EGFR and HER2, lapatinib treatment was associated with changes in a number of other signaling molecules, including IGF-1R, Akt, and downstream targets such as GSK3, p27, p53, and cyclin D1 presumably leading to impaired proliferation, apoptosis, or cell-cycle arrest.
BACKGROUND: Although the clinical relevance of the molecular subtypes of breast cancer is evident, etiological differences among subtypes have not been well established, especially among Asian. Here, we evaluated the hypothesis that the etiologic impact of reproductive and hormonal features differs among molecular subtypes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a case-control study in pre- and postmenopausal Japanese. We examined 706 breast cancer patients and 1412 age- and menopausal status-matched noncancer controls. Immunohistochemical stains for estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) were used to classify the cases into 554 luminal (hormone receptor positive), 84 HER2-overexpressing (hormone receptor negative, HER2 positive), and 68 triple-negative cases (hormone receptor negative, HER2 negative). Associations were evaluated using multivariate polytomous logistic regression models. RESULTS: A significant association was observed between early age at menarche and risk of luminal disease (odds ratios = 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.22-2.29; P trend = 0.001). No significant differences in association with parity, age at first live birth, breastfeeding history, age at menopause, or synthetic hormonal use were seen across molecular subtypes of breast cancer. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that reproductive events in adolescence have differential impact on the risk of breast cancer molecular subtypes in Japanese.
PURPOSE: Brain metastases of breast cancer contribute significantly to patient morbidity and mortality. We have tested pazopanib, a recently approved antiangiogenic drug that targets VEGFR1, VEGFR2, VEGFR3, PDGFRbeta, PDGFRalpha, and c-kit, for prevention of experimental brain metastases and mechanism of action. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: In vitro assays included B-Raf enzymatic assays, Western blots, and angiogenesis assays. For in vivo assays, HER2 transfectants of the brain seeking sublines of MDA-MB-231 cells (231-BR-HER2) and MCF7 cells (MCF7-HER2-BR3, derived herein) were injected into the left cardiac ventricle of mice and treated with vehicle or pazopanib beginning on day 3 postinjection. Brain metastases were counted histologically, imaged, and immunostained. RESULTS: Treatment with 100 mg/kg of pazopanib resulted in a 73% decline in large 231-BR-HER2 metastases (P < 0.0001) and a 39% decline in micrometastases (P = 0.004). In vitro, pazopanib was directly antiproliferative to 231-BR-HER2 breast cancer cells and inhibited MEK and ERK activation in vitro despite B-Raf and Ras mutations. Enzymatic assays demonstrated that pazopanib directly inhibited the wild type and exon 11 oncogenic mutant, but not the V600E mutant forms of B-Raf. Activation of the B-Raf targets pERK1/2 and pMEK1/2 was decreased in pazopanib-treated brain metastases whereas blood vessel density was unaltered. In the MCF7-HER2-BR3 experimental brain metastasis model, pazopanib reduced overall brain metastasis volume upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) by 55% (P = 0.067), without affecting brain metastasis vascular density. CONCLUSIONS: The data identify a new activity for pazopanib directly on tumor cells as a pan-Raf inhibitor and suggest its potential for prevention of brain metastatic colonization of HER2(+) breast cancer.
The tumor microenvironment plays a determining role in cancer development through a plethora of interactions between the extracellular matrix and tumor cells. Decorin is a prototype member of the SLRP family found in a variety of tissues and is expressed in the stroma of various forms of cancer. Decorin has gained recognition for its essential roles in inflammation, fibrotic disorders, and cancer, and due to its antitumor properties, it has been proposed to act as a "guardian from the matrix." Initially identified as a natural inhibitor of transforming growth factor-beta, soluble decorin is emerging as a pan-RTK inhibitor targeting a multitude of RTKs, including EGFR, Met, IGF-IR, VEGFR2, and PDGFR. Besides initiating signaling, decorin/RTK interaction can induce caveosomal internalization and receptor degradation. Decorin also triggers cell cycle arrest and apoptosis and evokes antimetastatic and antiangiogenic processes. In addition, as a novel regulatory mechanism, decorin was shown to induce conserved catabolic processes, such as endothelial cell autophagy and tumor cell mitophagy. Therefore, decorin is a promising candidate for combatting cancer, especially the cancer types heavily dependent on RTK signaling.
Studies of the estrogen receptor (ER) coactivator protein Mediator subunit 1 (MED1) have revealed its specific roles in pubertal mammary gland development and potential contributions to breast tumorigenesis, based on coamplification of MED1 and HER2 in certain breast cancers. In this study, we generated a mouse model of mammary tumorigenesis harboring the MMTV-HER2 oncogene and mutation of MED1 to evaluate its role in HER2-driven tumorigenesis. MED1 mutation in its ER-interacting LxxLL motifs was sufficient to delay tumor onset and to impair tumor growth, metastasis, and cancer stem-like cell formation in this model. Mechanistic investigations revealed that MED1 acted directly to regulate ER signaling through the downstream IGF1 pathway but not the AREG pathway. Our findings show that MED1 is critical for HER2-driven breast tumorigenesis, suggesting its candidacy as a disease-selective therapeutic target.Significance: These findings identify an estrogen receptor-binding protein as a critical mediator of HER2-driven breast tumorigenesis, suggesting its candidacy as a disease-selective therapeutic target. Cancer Res; 78(2); 422-35. (c)2017 AACR.
Earlier studies reported allelic deletion of the essential autophagy regulator BECN1 in breast cancers implicating BECN1 loss, and likely defective autophagy, in tumorigenesis. Recent studies have questioned the tumor suppressive role of autophagy, as autophagy-related gene (Atg) defects generally suppress tumorigenesis in well-characterized mouse tumor models. We now report that, while it delays or does not alter mammary tumorigenesis driven by Palb2 loss or ERBB2 and PyMT overexpression, monoallelic Becn1 loss promotes mammary tumor development in 2 specific contexts, namely following parity and in association with wingless-type MMTV integration site family, member 1 (WNT1) activation. Our studies demonstrate that Becn1 heterozygosity, which results in immature mammary epithelial cell expansion and aberrant TNFRSF11A/TNR11/RANK (tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 11a, NFKB activator) signaling, promotes mammary tumorigenesis in multiparous FVB/N mice and in cooperation with the progenitor cell-transforming WNT1 oncogene. Similar to our Becn1(+/-);MMTV-Wnt1 mouse model, low BECN1 expression and an activated WNT pathway gene signature correlate with the triple-negative subtype, TNFRSF11A axis activation and poor prognosis in human breast cancers. Our results suggest that BECN1 may have nonautophagy-related roles in mammary development, provide insight in the seemingly paradoxical roles of BECN1 in tumorigenesis, and constitute the basis for further studies on the pathophysiology and treatment of clinically aggressive triple negative breast cancers (TNBCs).
Over the past 50 years, substantial progress has been made in the systemic treatment of early-stage and advanced breast cancer. The use of chemotherapy in the adjuvant and metastatic settings has demonstrated proven efficacy and it has been clearly demonstrated that targeting the estrogen receptor and human growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is efficacious in early and advanced disease. Despite these advances, vexing clinical challenges remain particularly related to the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC; estrogen receptor [ER]-negative, progesterone receptor [PR]-negative, and HER2-negative) where little progress has been made therapeutically in more than a decade. While recurrences of hormone-responsive breast cancer are overall less common, late relapses after cessation of endocrine therapy are a more frequent occurrence in modern times and reflect the problem of underlying tumor dormancy that as yet has not been overcome. Multiple molecular tools are now available to interrogate the biology of breast cancer, though exactly how to make this information meaningful in the clinic has proven challenging, and molecularly driven clinical trials have faced feasibility challenges. In parallel, focus has expanded from tumor to host with the ability to ascertain underlying germline alterations, such as inherited BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations, which may be responsible for breast cancer carcinogenesis and, importantly, may have implications for treatment. These clinical advances in germline genetics, made possible by both scientific investigation as well as the courts, still face challenges related to increasing encounters with variants of unknown significance and difficulty in predicting risks associated with less well-characterized inherited cancer predisposition syndromes. In this paper, we attempt to predict the next 10 years of breast cancer, in particular focusing on how the past serves as prologue to the future in this disease.
OBJECTIVE: To determine outcomes of small renal masses (</=4 cm) on active surveillance and explore factors which can influence their growth. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two hundred twenty six patients between January 2007 and December 2014 were analysed using cross-linked methodology of healthcare data and independent review. Cancer specific and non-specific survival were the primary outcomes. Growth kinetics, factors influencing growth and need for interventions were secondary outcomes. RESULTS: 101 (64.4%) solid and 4 (5.9%) cystic SRMs showed growth. 43 (19.02%) of SRMs required treatment interventions. Seven patients (7/158; 4.4%) died due to renal cancer at a median follow-up of 21.7 (SD 10.6, min 6-42) months, all in solid category. Independent review of serial radiological imaging of these seven cases showed two patients had subtle metastatic disease at the initial presentation, and 5 of the 7 did not adhere to recommended imaging regime. 33 (33/158; 20.8%) died due to other causes including non-renal cancers (14/158; 8.8%). Multivariate analyses showed that lower eGFR at baseline, co-morbidities and tumour location were independently associated with growth in size. CONCLUSIONS: A higher cancer-specific mortality was seen in the present study compared to the reported literature. Independent critical review of imaging of cases with poor outcome underscored the importance of adherence to a robust protocol including follow up. Comorbid conditions had a significant impact on growth and overall survival of patients with SRMs.
BACKGROUND: The effect of overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in pancreatic carcinoma is not clear. Utilizing tissue microarrays, we evaluated EGFR expression in pancreatic cancer to determine the association of EGFR expression with histopathologic characteristics and patient outcome. METHODS: 71 cases of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and 18 cases of chronic pancreatitis were retrieved from archival files. Tissue cores from donor blocks were arrayed to create a tissue microarray. Sections were stained with EGFR and the intensity of membranous staining and percentage of tumor cells showing immunoreactivity were determined. At least 1% membranous staining and 1+ intensity were considered positive. RESULTS: EGFR was present in 49 of 71 (69%) cases of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and 7 of 18 (39%) cases of chronic pancreatitis (p = 0.03). There was no statistically significant correlation between intensity or extent of EGFR expression and tumor grade, size, or lymph node status. While median survival was nearly twice as long when EGFR was expressed (15.2 vs. 8.3 months), this did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: EGFR is overexpressed in pancreatic cancers independent of histopathologic characteristics and does not predict survival. Immunohistochemical analysis of EGFR staining may help in identifying candidates for EGFR inhibitor therapy.
PURPOSE: Primary site surgery for metastatic breast cancer improves local control but does not impact overall survival. Whether histologic subtype influences patient selection for surgery is unknown. Given differences in surgical management between early-stage lobular versus ductal disease, we evaluated the impact of histology on primary site surgery in patients with metastatic breast cancer. METHODS: The National Cancer Database (NCDB, 2010-2016) was queried for patients with stage IV HR-positive, HER2-negative invasive lobular carcinoma (ILC) and invasive ductal carcinoma (IDC). We compared clinicopathologic features, primary site surgery rates, and outcomes by histologic subtype. Multivariable Cox proportional hazard models with and without propensity score matching were used for overall survival (OS) analyses. RESULTS: In 25,294 patients, primary site surgery was slightly but significantly less common in the 6,123 patients with ILC compared to the 19,171 patients with IDC (26.9% versus 28.8%, p = 0.004). Those with ILC were less likely to receive chemotherapy (41.3% versus 47.4%, p < 0.0001) or radiotherapy (29.1% versus 37.9%, p < 0.0001), and had shorter OS. While mastectomy rates were similar, those with ILC who underwent lumpectomy had significantly higher positive margin rates (ILC 15.7% versus IDC 11.2%, p = 0.025). In both groups, the odds of undergoing surgery decreased over time, and were higher in younger patients with T2/T3 tumors and higher nodal burden. CONCLUSION: Lobular histology is associated with less primary site surgery, higher positive margin rates, less radiotherapy and chemotherapy, and shorter OS compared to those with HR-positive HER2-negative IDC. These findings support the need for ILC-specific data and treatment approaches in the setting of metastatic disease.
BACKGROUND: ST2, a member of the interleukin (IL)-1receptor family, regulates Th1/Th2 immune responses in autoimmune and inflammatory conditions. However, the role of ST2 signaling in tumor growth and metastasis of breast cancers has not been investigated. This study investigated the possible role of soluble ST2 (sST2) in breast cancer. METHODS: The serum levels of IL-33, sST2, and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in 150 breast cancer patients and 90 healthy women were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Estrogen receptor(ER), progesterone receptor, human epithelial receptor (HER)-2, and cell cycle regulated protein Ki-67 were measured. Clinical stage, tumor size, lymph node metastasis, and histological type were also recorded. RESULTS: The serum levels of sST2, IL-33, and VEGF were significantly higher in breast cancer patients than in the control group (P < 0.05, each). Serum sST2 levels in ER-positive breast cancer patients were significantly associated with age, histological type, clinical stage, tumor size, and Ki-67 status (P < 0.05, each). Moreover, the serum levels of IL-33 and sST2 in breast cancers significantly correlated with VEGF levels (IL-33: r = 0.375, P < 0.0001; sST2: r = 0.164, P = 0.045). Serum levels of sST2, IL-33, and VEGF decreased after modified radical mastectomy in ER-positive breast cancers. Serum levels of IL-33, sST2, and VEGF and clinicopathological factors were not significantly correlated with disease-free survival and overall survival of ER-positive breast cancer women during follow-up. CONCLUSION: Serum sST2 levels in ER-positive breast cancer patients are significantly associated with factors that indicate poor prognosis.
The present study sought to investigate the predictive value of preoperative clinicopathological variables, with a special focus on areca nut chewing, on disease recurrence and progression in patients with non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC). Data from 242 patients diagnosed with NMIBC between 2008 and 2013 were analyzed retrospectively. Fifteen clinicopathological variables were analyzed to evaluate their prognostic value. During a mean observation period of 21 months, disease recurrence occurred in 140 patients (57.9%). On multivariate analysis, heavy-areca nut chewing (HR = 2.18, 95% CI: 1.37-3.47), current smoking (HR = 3.09, 95% CI: 1.99-4.80), moderately impaired estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (HR = 1.76, 95% CI: 1.09-2.83), severely impaired eGFR (HR = 3.32, 95% CI: 1.70-6.48) and tumor grade (HR = 1.94, 95% CI: 1.36-2.77) were independent factors for recurrence, based on which a risk factor model was developed to stratify patients into high, medium and low risk groups. In conclusion, our study suggests that in addition to quitting smoking, quitting areca nut chewing may also reduce the risk of first recurrence in NMBIC patients, monitoring and preserving their renal function may be beneficial as well. Further prospective studies are needed to verify the prognostic significance of these factors and the risk stratification model in this population.
Deletions of chromosome 8p occur frequently in breast cancers, but analyses of its clinical relevance have been limited to small patient cohorts and provided controversial results. A tissue microarray with 2,197 breast cancers was thus analyzed by fluorescence in-situ hybridization using an 8p21 probe in combination with a centromere 8 reference probe. 8p deletions were found in 50% of carcinomas with no special type, 67% of papillary, 28% of tubular, 37% of lobular cancers and 56% of cancers with medullary features. Deletions were always heterozygous. 8p deletion was significantly linked to advanced tumor stage (P < 0.0001), high-grade (P < 0.0001), high tumor cell proliferation (Ki67 Labeling Index; P < 0.0001), and shortened overall survival (P < 0.0001). For example, 8p deletion was seen in 32% of 290 grade 1, 43% of 438 grade 2, and 65% of 427 grade 3 cancers. In addition, 8p deletions were strongly linked to amplification of MYC (P < 0.0001), HER2 (P < 0.0001), and CCND1 (p = 0.001), but inversely associated with ER receptor expression (p = 0.0001). Remarkably, 46.5% of 8p-deleted cancers harbored amplification of at least one of the analyzed genes as compared to 27.5% amplifications in 8p-non-deleted cancers (P < 0.0001). In conclusion, 8p deletion characterizes a subset of particularly aggressive breast cancers. As 8p deletions are easy to analyze, this feature appears to be highly suited for future DNA based prognostic breast cancer panels. The strong link of 8p deletion with various gene amplifications raises the possibility of a role for regulating genomic stability.
It has been considered that the neurogenic locus notch homolog protein (Notch) signaling pathway serves an essential role in cellular differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. However, the function of the Notch signaling pathway in gastric cancer stem cells (GCSCs) and epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) sensitivity remains unclear. The present study aimed to delineate the role of the Notch1 signaling pathway in GCSCs and lapatinib sensitivity. Sphere-forming cells were separated from human gastric cancer MKN45 parental cells. The sphere-forming cells exhibited characteristics of CSCs and higher Notch1 expression compared with that of parental cells. To investigate the role of the Notch1 signaling pathway in GCSCs, the expression of transcription factor Hes1 (Hes1) was knocked down using small interfering RNA against Hes1. It was observed that Hes1 expression was significantly downregulated in knocked down cells. The inhibition of Hes1 suppressed the properties of CSCs, as indicated by significant decreases in the expression of the transcription factor sex determining region Y-box 2, epithelial cell adhesion molecule and the homeobox protein Nanog and reduced spheroid colony formation. In addition, epithelial-mesenchymal transition was significantly impaired in sphere-forming cells following Hes1 knockdown. Furthermore, the inhibition of Hes1 effectively enhanced lapatinib sensitivity in sphere-forming cells. These results suggest that sphere-forming gastric cancer cells possess the characteristics of CSCs, and that the Notch1 signaling pathway serves an essential role in the maintenance of CSCs and lapatinib sensitivity.
Real-world data regarding the T790M mutation rate after acquiring resistance to first-line combination therapy with epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) and bevacizumab in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are limited. The present study was aimed at analyzing predictors of acquired T790M mutations in this patient group. A total of 107 patients who received first-line combination therapy with EGFR-TKIs and bevacizumab at 11 tertiary referral centers in Taiwan were enrolled in this multicenter retrospective study. Survival data and genomic test results after acquiring resistance were analyzed. We discovered that patients who received a combination of afatinib, a second generation EGFR-TKI, and bevacizumab showed better progression-free survival (PFS). After disease progression, 59 patients (55.1%) were confirmed to test positive for EGFR T790M. A longer duration of first-line therapy could be a predictor of subsequent T790M mutations. To our knowledge, this is one of the few and early studies to demonstrate the T790M mutation rate after first-line combination therapy with an EGFR-TKI and bevacizumab. Whether the longer PFS afforded by the addition of bevacizumab could lead to subsequent T790M mutations needs further investigation.
The success of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells in blood cancers has intensified efforts to develop CAR T therapies for solid cancers. In the solid tumor microenvironment, CAR T cell trafficking and suppression of cytotoxic killing represent limiting factors for therapeutic efficacy. Here, we present a microwell platform to study CAR T cell interactions with 3D breast tumor spheroids and determine predictors of anti-tumor CAR T cell function. To precisely control antigen sensing, we utilized a switchable adaptor CAR system that covalently attaches to co-administered antibody adaptors and mediates antigen recognition. Following the addition of an anti-HER2 adaptor antibody, primary human CAR T cells exhibited higher infiltration, clustering, and secretion of effector cytokines. By tracking CAR T cell killing in individual spheroids, we showed the suppressive effects of spheroid size and identified the initial CAR T cell to spheroid area ratio as a predictor of cytotoxicity. We demonstrate that larger spheroids exhibit higher hypoxia levels and are infiltrated by CAR T cells with a suppressed activation state, characterized by reduced expression of IFN-gamma, TNF-alpha, and granzyme B. Spatiotemporal analysis revealed lower CAR T cell numbers and cytotoxicity in the spheroid core compared to the periphery. Finally, increasing CAR T cell seeding density resulted in higher CAR T cell infiltration and cancer cell elimination in the spheroid core. Our findings provide new quantitative insight into CAR T cell function within 3D cancer spheroids. Given its miniaturized nature and live imaging capabilities, our microfabricated system holds promise for screening cellular immunotherapies.
In the past 30 years, the incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma (ACA) has increased significantly. Sadly, advances in treatment have not followed the same trend, and the prognosis for patients with esophageal ACA remains poor, with a 5-year survival rate of only 15%. Like most cancers, early detection is the key to improving prognosis, but this outcome has proven difficult in the esophagus for several reasons: 1) patients present with advanced disease because "alarm symptoms," such as dysphagia, occur at a late stage, and 2) high-grade dysplasia (HGD) and early ACA are not visible on routine surveillance endoscopy. Currently, the recommended surveillance strategy involves collection of random biopsies, an imperfect technique that is limited by sampling error and is infrequently used because of the considerable time and cost it requires. Even in patients with biopsy-proven dysplasia, adequate guidance for clinical management decisions is still lacking. Dysplasia alone is not an entirely reliable biomarker for the risk of progression to ACA because the natural history of this condition is extremely variable. Clearly, there is a need for additional biomarkers that can better characterize this disease and thus improve our ability to treat patients on an individual basis. As we better understand the molecular changes that lead to the development of this cancer, new molecular biomarkers are needed to allow for more personalized diagnoses, surveillance, and treatment. Targeted agents against epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) are currently being evaluated for their role in combination chemotherapy for metastatic esophageal ACA. As these studies progress, a reliable approach for determining receptor status in individual patients is essential. Molecular imaging uses fluorescent probes that target specific cell-surface receptors, and has the potential to evaluate an individual patient's gene expression profile. By topically applying fluorescent probes to dysplastic epithelium during endoscopy, a variety of receptors can be visualized, and the response to treatment can be monitored in real time. This technique can mitigate the limitations of current surveillance protocols, allow for improved cancer detection, and be used for personalized treatment in the future.
RRR-alpha-tocopherol derivative alpha-TEA (RRR-alpha-tocopherol ether-linked acetic acid analog) has been shown to be a potent antitumor agent both in vivo and in vitro. In this study, we investigated the effects of alpha-TEA on the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family members, ErbB1, 2 and 3, and the role of ErbB 2 and 3 in alpha-TEA-induced apoptosis and suppression of Akt, FLIP and survivin in the cisplatin-sensitive (A2780S) and -resistant (A2780/CP70R) human ovarian cancer cell lines. Data show that alpha-TEA's ability to induced apoptosis was associated with reduced expression of ErbB1 (cisplatin-resistant cells), 2 and 3 (both cell types) and reduced levels of the phosphorylated (active) form of Akt; as well as, reduced levels of FLIP and survivin proteins in both cell types. Ectopic overexpression and siRNA knockdown studies showed that ErbB2, ErbB3, Akt, FLIP and survivin are involved in alpha-TEA-induce apoptosis and that alpha-TEA downregulates FLIP and survivin via suppression of pAkt, which is mediated by ErbB2 and ErB3. Thus, alpha-TEA is a potent pro-apoptotic agent for both cisplatin-sensitive and -resistant ovarian cancer cell lines in cell culture and it produces cell death, at least in part, by downregulation of members of the EGFR family.
Androgen receptor (AR) plays a critical role in bladder cancer (BCa) development. Our early studies found AR knock-out mice (with few androgens and deleted AR) failed to develop BCa, yet 50% of castrated mice (with few androgens and existing AR) still developed BCa in an N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine (BBN) carcinogen-induced BCa mouse model, suggesting the existing AR in BCa of castrated mice may still play important roles in promoting BCa development at the castration level of androgens. The mechanism underlying this and/or which factors potentiate AR function at the castration level of androgen remains unclear. Epidermal growth factor (EGF), a key player in BCa progression, has been demonstrated to be able to potentiate AR transactivation in prostate cancer. In the present study, we found that EGF could increase BCa cell growth, migration and invasion in the presence of AR under the low amount of androgen and EGF was able to potentiate AR transactivation through EGFR by activating PI3K/AKT and MAPK pathway at castration androgen level. The increased suppression effects by EGFR inhibitor of PD168393 on AR function after addition of anti-androgen, Casodex, further suggested AR might play a key role in the effects of EGF on BCa progression and metastasis. Collectively, our results indicate that EGF may be able to potentiate AR transactivation that leads to enhancing BCa progression, which may help us to develop a better therapeutic approach to treat BCa via targeting both EGF and AR signaling.
Available tools to evaluate patients with central nervous system (CNS) tumors such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cytology, and brain biopsies, have significant limitations. MRI and CSF cytology have poor specificity and sensitivity, respectively, and brain biopsies are invasive. Circulating tumor DNA in CSF (CSF-ctDNA) could be used as a biomarker in patients with CNS tumors, but studies in this area are limited. We evaluated four CSF-ctDNA extraction methods and analyzed mutations in CSF-ctDNA with the Oncomine Pan-Cancer cell-free assay. CSF-ctDNA was extracted from 38 patients with primary or metastatic CNS tumors and 10 patients without CNS malignancy. Commercial ctDNA controls were used for assay evaluation. CSF-ctDNA yields ranged from 3.65 to 3120 ng. Mutations were detected in 39.5% of samples. TP53 was the most commonly mutated gene and copy number alterations were detected in CCND1, MYC, and ERBB2/HER2. Twenty-five percent of CSF-cytology-negative samples showed mutations in CSF-ctDNA. There was good concordance between mutations in CSF-ctDNA and matching tumors. The QIAamp Circulating Nucleic Acid Kit was the optimal method for extraction of CSF-ctDNA and the Oncomine cell-free DNA assay is suitable for detection of mutations in CSF-ctDNA. Analysis of CSF-ctDNA is more sensitive than CSF-cytology and has the potential to improve the diagnosis and monitoring of patients with CNS tumors.
BACKGROUND/AIM: In patients with non-small cell lung cancer, relationships between PD-L1 (programmed death-ligand 1) expression and clinicopathological characteristics have been examined. However, the association between cytological features and PD-L1 expression remains unknown. Thus, the aim of this study was to investigate whether nuclear features might be correlated with PD-L1 expression in patients with advanced and inoperable lung adenocarcinoma using small biopsy specimens. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Archived slides from 90 patients with lung adenocarcinoma who underwent small biopsy between October 2014 and May 2017 at the Incheon St. Mary's Hospital, were reviewed. PD-L1 expression was detected by immunohistochemistry using PD-L1 22C3 IHC assay. Associations of PD-L1 expression with pathological and molecular features (EGFR mutation, ALK and ROS-1 rearrangement) were statistically analyzed. RESULTS: PD-L1 expression in tumor cells was positive in 33 of 90 cases (36.7%). Higher PD-L1 expression (>/=50%) was more frequent in cases with marked nuclear pleomorphism (p<0.001), coarse chromatin pattern (p=0.006), predominant nucleoli (>/=3 mum) (p<0.001), large nuclear diameter (>5x small lymphocyte) (p=0.006), non-glandular feature (p<0.001), and atypical mitosis (p=0.034). There were no significant correlations between PD-L1 positivity and molecular features. In multivariable logistic regression analysis, PD-L1 positivity was independently associated with prominent nucleoli (p=0.005) and non-glandular feature (p=0.007). CONCLUSION: Prominent nucleoli and non-glandular feature are independent predictors of PD-L1 expression in lung adenocarcinoma.
Herceptin-resistant tumor relapse remains a major clinical issue responsible for the poor prognosis of HER2(+) breast cancer. Understanding the underlying mechanisms and finding a therapeutic solution are of paramount urgency to improve the patient management. Here we report that anticancer redox active cerium oxide nanoparticles (CONPs) can potently sensitize the cancer cells to the cytotoxicity of Herceptin. By comparing between Herceptin-sensitive and Herceptin-resistant human breast cancer cell lines under normoxic as well as hypoxic culture conditions, we found that in the presence of CONPs, Herceptin can kill the Herceptin-resistant cells equally effectively as it kills the Herceptin-sensitive cells under the hypoxic, but not normoxic, culture conditions by inhibiting the cell viability, survival and proliferation. Signaling analysis reveals that under the normoxic conditions, the levels of hypoxia induced factor 1alpha as well as vascular endothelial growth factor are higher in the Herceptin-resistant cells than that in the Herceptin-sensitive cells and are strongly induced once the culture is switched to the hypoxic conditions, which can be potently suppressed by CONPs. Treatment with CONPs plus Herceptin significantly slows down the primary tumor growth and lung metastasis of the Herceptin-resistant cells in a xenograft mouse model of orthotopic breast cancer through inhibiting the cell proliferation and survival as well as tumor angiogenesis. These results shed new lights on the mechanisms underlying the Herceptin resistance of the HER2(+) breast cancer and provide insights into introducing CONPs-like agents to Herceptin-based therapy to improve treatment outcomes.
Capsid-like particles consisting of a hepatitis B core (HBc) protein have been studied for their potential as carriers for drug delivery systems (DDS). The hollow HBc particle, which is formed by the self-assembly of core proteins comprising 183 aa residues, has the ability to bind to various cells non-specifically via the action of an arginine-rich domain. In this study, we developed an engineered HBc particle that specifically recognizes and targets human epidermal growth factor receptor-related 2 (HER2)-expressing breast cancer cells. To despoil the non-specific binding property of an HBc particle, we genetically deleted the C-terminal 150-183 aa part of the core protein that encodes the arginine-rich domain (DeltaHBc). Then, we genetically inserted a Z(HER2) affibody molecule into the 78-81 aa position of the core protein to confer the ability of target-cell-specific recognition. The constructed Z(HER2)-displaying HBc (Z(HER2)-DeltaHBc) particle specifically recognized HER2-expressing SKBR3 and MCF-7 breast cancer cells. In addition, the Z(HER2)-DeltaHBc particle exhibited different binding amounts in accordance with the HER2 expression levels of cancer cells. These results show that the display of other types of affibody molecules on HBc particles would be an expandable strategy for targeting several kinds of cancer cells that would help enable a pinpoint DDS.
The debate on the optimal drug combination for treating chemotherapy-naive patients with metastatic colorectal cancer has recently become particularly heated. The present editorial will review recent data on this topic. The FIRE-3 and PEAK trials have shown a 7.5 to 12 mo survival advantage with the use anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (anti-EGFR) antibodies. The CALGB 80405 has shown no difference between anti-EGFR and anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents. All three trials have consistently shown a significant increase in objective response rate. These data suggest that there is a subset of metastatic colorectal cancer patients, rigorously selected by molecular profiling, who particularly benefit from an anti-EGFR-based regimen in the first-line setting.
Pyridine, 1,3,4-thiadiazole, and 1,3-thiazole derivatives have various biological activities, such as antimicrobial, analgesic, anticonvulsant, and antitubercular, as well as other anticipated biological properties, including anticancer activity. The starting 1-(3-cyano-4,6-dimethyl-2-oxopyridin-1(2H)-yl)-3-phenylthiourea (2) was prepared and reacted with various hydrazonoyl halides 3a-h, alpha-haloketones 5a-d, 3-chloropentane-2,4-dione 7a and ethyl 2-chloro-3-oxobutanoate 7b, which afforded the 3-aryl-5-substituted 1,3,4-thiadiazoles 4a-h, 3-phenyl-4-arylthiazoles 6a-d and the 4-methyl-3- phenyl-5-substituted thiazoles 8a,b, respectively. The structures of the synthesized products were confirmed by spectral data. All of the compounds also showed remarkable anticancer activity against the cell line of human colon carcinoma (HTC-116) as well as hepatocellular carcinoma (HepG-2) compared with the Harmine as a reference under in vitro condition. 1,3,4-Thiadiazole 4h was found to be most promising and an excellent performer against both cancer cell lines (IC(50) = 2.03 +/- 0.72 and 2.17 +/- 0.83 microM, respectively), better than the reference drug (IC(50) = 2.40 +/- 0.12 and 2.54 +/- 0.82 microM, respectively). In order to check the binding modes of the above thiadiazole derivatives, molecular docking studies were performed that established a binding site with EGFR TK.
Kinases are considered as important signalling enzymes that illustrate 20% of the druggable genome. Human kinase family comprises >500 protein kinases and about 20 lipid kinases. Protein kinases are responsible for the mechanism of protein phosphorylation. These are necessary for regulation of various cellular activities including proliferation, cell cycle, apoptosis, motility, growth, differentiation, etc. Their deregulation leads to disruption of many cellular processes leading to different diseases most importantly cancer. Thus, kinases are considered as valuable targets in different types of cancer as well as other diseases. Researchers around the world are actively engaged in developing inhibitors based on distinct chemical scaffolds. Indole represents as a versatile scaffold in the naturally occurring and bioactive molecules. It is also used as a privileged scaffold for the target-based drug design against different diseases. This present article aim to review the applications of indole scaffold in the design of inhibitors against different tyrosine kinases such as epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs), vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs), platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGFRs), etc. Important structure activity relationships (SARs) of indole derivatives were discussed. The present work is an attempt to summarize all the crucial structural information which is essential for the development of indole based tyrosine kinase inhibitors with improved potency.
This study was designed to evaluate the expression of HER receptors as a marker of sensitivity to the humanized anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody pertuzumab in ovarian cancer cells. In a recent clinical trial, low levels of HER3 mRNA have been shown to associate with pertuzumab response when combined with gemcitabine. We sought to define how pertuzumab modulated HER expression levels in ovarian cancer using cell line models to better understand differential and dynamic receptor expression in therapeutic response. Changes in HER3 mRNA expression were also assessed in pertuzumab-treated xenografts. HER3 mRNA and, to a lesser extent, HER2, were down-regulated after stimulation both with heregulin-beta1 and epidermal growth factor in a range of ovarian cancer cell lines either growth sensitive or growth resistant to pertuzumab. Pertuzumab reversed this down-regulation and the magnitude of the reversal correlated with pertuzumab sensitivity. The change in HER3 mRNA expression correlated inversely to how much the extracellular signal-regulated kinase and phosphoinositide 3-kinase pathways were dynamically activated with stimulation. Finally, up-regulation of HER3 mRNA was found in cancer xenografts treated with pertuzumab. We conclude that HER3 mRNA is down-regulated by both heregulin-beta1 and epidermal growth factor activation. This suggests that in some tumors, low HER3 mRNA expression is driven by, or dependent on, growth factor. HER3 mRNA expression is effectively reversed in pertuzumab-sensitive tumors. These data are consistent with low HER3 mRNA identifying a pertuzumab-sensitive phenotype.
INTRODUCTION: Cetuximab is a chimeric mAb with avidity for the EGFR higher than that of the natural ligands of the receptor. Preclinical studies showed that cetuximab demonstrated synergy with topoisomerase I inhibitors in the treatment of human colorectal cancer (CRC) cell lines in vivo. Subsequent clinical trials have shown that cetuximab can reverse resistance to topoisomerase I inhibitors in addition to having modest monotherapy activity. These studies led to accelerated provisional FDA approval of the drug for the treatment of patients with irinotecan-refractory metastatic CRC. Its clinical utility has been improved with the discovery of negative predictive biomarkers; these have shown that there is a lack of cetuximab benefit for patients whose tumors generally harbor a KRAS mutation, thus sparing these patients the toxicity of the agent which would not be of treatment benefit. AREAS COVERED: This review covers the last decade of clinical trials that have determined the toxicity and efficacy of cetuximab when given to patients with CRC, as well as some of the molecular subgroups tumors from patients with CRC who appear to not derive benefit from this mAb. EXPERT OPINION: Cetuximab has modest single-agent efficacy in the treatment of patients with metastatic CRC whose tumors do not harbor a KRAS mutation. In combination with irinotecan, it is associated with an overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) advantage in first-line therapy in patients with KRAS non mutant metastatic CRC; it can be combined with irinotecan to overcome resistance in patients with KRAS non mutant CRC who have previously progressed on prior irinotecan chemotherapy. Future studies of putative biomarkers are likely to give additional information to clearly define which patients with metastatic CRC receive therapeutic benefit from cetuximab and other monoclonal anti-EGFR therapies.
Lymph node metastases are a major prognostic factor in cervical carcinomas. The aim of this study was to characterize the expression of 11 markers in cervical tumors and negative lymph nodes and to determine which ones could be helpful for improving the specificity of molecular diagnosis of nodal involvement. Using TaqMan RT-PCR, we studied the expression of CK19, MUC1, HER1-HER4, VEGF, VEGF-C, uPA, MMP9, and PRAD1 in uterine cervical tumors and in histologically nonmetastatic lymph nodes of 8 patients diagnosed with locally advanced cervical cancer. We observed that CK19, MUC1, HER1-HER3, uPA, and VEGF had a significantly higher expression in cervical tumors than in the negative nodes, whereas VEGF-C expression level was higher in the negative nodes than in the tumors. PRAD1 harbored similar expression levels in the tumors and in the negative nodes. Interestingly, 1 of the 4 patients who presented a clinical recurrence, showed elevated HER1, HER2, uPA, and VEGF in the histologically negative nodes. Our results suggest that CK19, MUC1, HER1-3, uPA, and VEGF are biomarkers that have a higher expression in tumoral cervical tissues compared with the negative lymph nodes and could be useful to diagnose nodal involvement in uterine cervical carcinoma. Our results should encourage us in continue to investigate a greater number of patients, including patients with histologically involved nodes.
Breast cancer is the most common malignant neoplasm in the world among women. As a result of the dissemination of population screening programmes, about half of non-metastatic breast cancers are now diagnosed at stage I. 10-15% of T1abN0 tumours over-express human epidermal growth factor (HER-2). These tumours have a globally excellent prognosis, however, treatment with chemotherapy and/or targeted therapy may further improve outcomes in selected cases. In this article, we will review studies with information on prognosis and benefit of adjuvant therapy for T1abN0 HER-2+ breast cancer.
MicroRNAs are short non-coding RNAs expressed in different tissue and cell types that suppress the expression of target genes. As such, microRNAs are critical cogs in numerous biological processes, and dysregulated microRNA expression is correlated with many human diseases. Certain microRNAs, called oncomiRs, play a causal role in the onset and maintenance of cancer when overexpressed. Tumours that depend on these microRNAs are said to display oncomiR addiction. Some of the most effective anticancer therapies target oncogenes such as EGFR and HER2; similarly, inhibition of oncomiRs using antisense oligomers (that is, antimiRs) is an evolving therapeutic strategy. However, the in vivo efficacy of current antimiR technologies is hindered by physiological and cellular barriers to delivery into targeted cells. Here we introduce a novel antimiR delivery platform that targets the acidic tumour microenvironment, evades systemic clearance by the liver, and facilitates cell entry via a non-endocytic pathway. We find that the attachment of peptide nucleic acid antimiRs to a peptide with a low pH-induced transmembrane structure (pHLIP) produces a novel construct that could target the tumour microenvironment, transport antimiRs across plasma membranes under acidic conditions such as those found in solid tumours (pH approximately 6), and effectively inhibit the miR-155 oncomiR in a mouse model of lymphoma. This study introduces a new model for using antimiRs as anti-cancer drugs, which can have broad impacts on the field of targeted drug delivery.
Afatinib (BIBW 2992), a novel aniline-quinazoline derivative, irreversibly and equipotently targets the intrinsic kinase activity of all active ErbB receptor family members. Preclinical results show that afatinib is effective in lung cancer models, including those with EGF receptor (EGFR) mutations resistant to reversible first-generation EGFR inhibitors. Afatinib is being investigated in the LUX-Lung program, which will evaluate afatinib as a first-line treatment in patients with EGFR-activating mutations (LUX-Lung 2, 3 and 6) and as a second- or third-line treatment in patients that have acquired resistance to gefitinib and/or erlotinib (LUX-Lung 1, 4 and 5). LUX-Lung 1 and 2 have demonstrated, within their respective target groups, a significant increase in the disease control rate of 58 and 86%, respectively, and significant prolongation of progression-free survival. Further Phase III clinical trials are currently ongoing to assess afatinib in combination with paclitaxel (LUX-Lung 5), and compared with cisplatin/pemetrexed (LUX-Lung 3) or cisplatin/gemcitabine (LUX-Lung 6).
BACKGROUND: The strong association between smoking history and the presence of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations has been proven in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), which explains the favorable response to EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) therapy in nonsmoking NSCLC patients. However, few studies directly focus on the relationship between EGFR-TKI's efficacy and smoking history in NSCLC EGFR-mutant patients. METHODS: Electronic databases were searched for eligible literatures. Data on objective response rates, disease control rates, and progression-free survival (PFS) stratified by smoking status were extracted and synthesized on the basis of a random-effect model. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were conducted. RESULTS: A total of 9 studies that involved a total of 1029 EGFR-mutant advanced NSCLC patients after EGFR-TKI treatment were included. In overall, nonsmoking was associated with significant prolonged PFS (HR, 0.73, 0.60 to 0.88; P = .001) compared to ever smokers. However, only marginal improvements without statistical significance in objective response rates (odds ratio, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 0.85 to 1.46; P = .433) and disease control rate (odds ratio, 1.04; 95% confidence interval, 0.82 to 1.33; P = .740) were observed. Subgroup analyses showed that the benefits of PFS in nonsmokers were predominantly presented in pooled results of studies enrolling patients with active EGFR mutations, studies involving previously treated patients, and retrospective studies. Additionally, we failed to observe any significant benefit from nonsmokers in every subgroup for objective response rates and disease control rate. CONCLUSION: For advanced NSCLC patients with EGFR mutations, nonsmoking is associated with longer PFS than ever smoking after EGFR-TKIs treatment. Smoking history should be considered an essential factor in studies regarding EGFR-targeted agents toward EGFR-mutant patients.
Hormonal status and lymphatic invasion are two important prognostic factors among cases of breast cancer. This study aims to assess and evaluate the hormonal receptor status and lymph node involvement among female breast cancer patients in Duhok city, Kurdistan region, Iraq. A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted, involving 156 diagnosed cases of breast cancer who had undergone surgical treatment and laboratory investigations at Azadi Teaching Hospital and Duhok Private Hospital for 30 months. Hormonal status (ER, PR, HER2 enriched, and Ki67), luminal staging, and lymphatic invasions were analyzed using SPSS version 26. Invasive ductal carcinoma not otherwise specified accounted for 87.8% of the total sample, with Luminal A being the most common form (42.31%), followed by Luminal B (37.17%). The prevalence of hormonal status among cases of breast cancer with lymphatic invasion was ER 42.5%, PR 41.2%, HER2 enriched 21.01%, and Ki67 36.8%; however, these differences were not statistically significant (P values: 0.586, 0.65, 0.253, and 0.469, respectively). In conclusion, invasive ductal carcinoma is the most common histological type of breast cancer, and the most frequent biological form is Luminal A. A significant number of breast cancer cases with positive lymphatic invasion show positive hormonal receptor levels; however, the number of lymphatic invasions is not correlated with the type of hormonal receptor positivity.
Withaferin A (WA) exhibits cancer chemopreventive efficacy in preclinical models representative of two different subtypes of breast cancer. However, the mechanism(s) underlying breast cancer chemoprevention by WA is not fully elucidated. We performed RNA-seq analyses using a non-tumorigenic mammary epithelial cell line (MCF-10A) and human breast cancer cells (BCC) belonging to the luminal-type (MCF-7), HER2-enriched (SK-BR-3), and basal-like subtype (MDA-MB-231) to identify novel cancer-selective mechanistic targets of WA. The WA-regulated transcriptome was strikingly different between MCF-10A versus BCC. The Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analysis revealed downregulation of genes associated with cellular senescence in WA-treated BCC. Consequently, the number of senescence-associated beta-galactosidase positive cells was decreased significantly in WA-treated BCC but not in the MCF-10A cells. WA treatment caused upregulation of senescence marker p21 more robustly in BCC than in MCF-10A. Breast cancer prevention by WA in rats was also associated with upregulation of p21 protein expression. The Reactome pathway analyses indicated upregulation of genes associated with cellular response to stress/external stimuli in WA-treated BCC but not in MCF-10A. Two proteins represented in these pathways (HSPA6 and NRF2) were further investigated. While HSPA6 was dispensable for WA-mediated apoptosis and autophagy or inhibition of cell migration, the NRF2 knockout cells were more resistant to apoptosis resulting from WA treatment than control cells. Finally, expression of some glycolysis-related proteins was decreased by WA treatment both in vitro and in vivo. In summary, this study provides novel insights into cancer-selective pathways affected by WA that may contribute to its chemopreventive efficacy in breast cancer.
Both chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and lung cancer are major causes of death worldwide. In most cases this reflects cigarette smoke exposure which is able to induce an inflammatory response in the airways of smokers. Indeed, COPD is characterized by lower airway inflammation, and importantly, the presence of COPD is by far the greatest risk factor for lung cancer amongst smokers. Cigarette smoke induces the release of many inflammatory mediators and growth factors including TGF-beta, EGFR, IL-1, IL-8 and G-CSF through oxidative stress pathways and this inflammation may persist for decades after smoking cessation. Mucus production is also increased by these inflammatory mediators, further linking airway inflammation to an important mechanism of lung cancer. A greater understanding of the molecular and cellular pathobiology that distinguishes smokers with lung cancer from smokers with and without COPD is needed to unravel the complex molecular interactions between COPD and lung cancer. By understanding the common signalling pathways involved in COPD and lung cancer the hope is that treatments will be developed that not only treat the underlying disease process in COPD, but also reduce the currently high risk of developing lung cancer in these patients.
INTRODUCTION: Patients with EGFR-mutant lung cancer who have had disease progression on osimertinib commonly receive platinum doublet chemotherapy, but whether adding immunotherapy or bevacizumab provides additional benefit is unknown. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective analysis at 2 university-affiliated institutions. Patients with EGFR-mutant lung cancer who had progression on osimertinib and received next-line therapy with platinum doublet chemotherapy (chemo), platinum doublet chemotherapy plus immunotherapy (chemo-IO), or platinum doublet chemotherapy plus bevacizumab (chemo-bev), were identified; patients who continued osimertinib with these regimens were included. Efficacy outcomes including duration on treatment (DOT) and overall survival (OS) from the start of chemotherapy were assessed. Associations of treatment regimen with outcomes were evaluated using adjusted Cox regression models, using pairwise comparisons between groups. RESULTS: 104 patients were included: 57 received chemo, 12 received chemo-IO, and 35 received chemo-bev. In adjusted models, patients who received chemo-IO had worse OS than did those who received chemo (hazard ratio (HR) 2.66, 95% CI 1.25-5.65; P= .011) or those who received chemo-bev (HR 2.37, 95% CI 1.09-5.65; P= .030). A statistically significant difference in OS could not be detected in patients who received chemo-bev versus those who received chemo (HR 1.50, 95% CI 0.84-2.69; P= .17). CONCLUSION: In this retrospective study, giving immunotherapy with platinum doublet chemotherapy after progression on osimertinib was associated with a worse OS compared with platinum doublet chemotherapy alone. Platinum doublet chemotherapy without immunotherapy (with consideration of continuation of osimertinib, in selected cases) is a reasonable choice in this setting, while we await results of clinical trials examining optimal next-line chemotherapy-based regimens in EGFR-mutant lung cancer.
Fibroblast activation protein (FAP) is highly expressed on the cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAF) of the tumor stroma. Recently, we reported the preclinical evaluation and clinical biokinetics of a novel (99m)Tc-labeled FAP inhibitor radioligand ([(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP). This research aimed to evaluate [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP for the tumor stroma imaging of six different cancerous entities and analyze them from the perspective of stromal heterogeneity. [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP was prepared from freeze-dried kits with a radiochemical purity of 98 +/- 1%. The study included thirty-two patients diagnosed with glioma (n = 5); adrenal cortex neuroendocrine tumor (n = 1); and breast (n = 21), lung (n = 2), colorectal (n = 1) and cervical (n = 3) cancer. Patients with glioma had been evaluated with a previous cranial MRI scan and the rest of the patients had been involved in a [(18)F]FDG PET/CT study. All oncological diagnoses were corroborated histopathologically. The patients underwent SPECT/CT brain imaging (glioma) or thoracoabdominal imaging 1 h after [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP administration (i.v., 735 +/- 63 MBq). The total lesions (n = 111) were divided into three categories: primary tumors (PT), lymph node metastases (LNm), and distant metastases (Dm). [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP brain imaging was positive in four high-grade WHO III-IV gliomas and negative in one treatment-naive low-grade glioma. Both [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP and [(18)F]FDG detected 26 (100%) PT, although the number of positive LNm and Dm was significantly higher with [(18)F]FDG [82 (96%)], in comparison to [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP imaging (35 (41%)). Peritoneal carcinomatosis lesions in a patient with recurrent colorectal cancer were only visualized with [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP. In patients with breast cancer, a significant positive correlation was demonstrated among [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP uptake values (Bq/cm(3)) of PT and the molecular subtype, being higher for subtypes HER2+ and Luminal B HER2-enriched. Four different CAF subpopulations have previously been described for LNm of breast cancer (from CAF-S1 to CAF-S4). The only subpopulation that expresses FAP is CAF-S1, which is preferentially detected in aggressive subtypes (HER2 and triple-negative), confirming that FAP+ is a marker for poor disease prognosis. The results of this pilot clinical research show that [(99m)Tc]Tc-iFAP SPECT imaging is a promising tool in the prognostic assessment of some solid tumors, particularly breast cancer.
Thyroid cancer, as one of the most common endocrine cancers, has seen a surge in incidence in recent years. This is most likely due to the lack of specificity and accuracy of its traditional diagnostic modalities, leading to the overdiagnosis of thyroid nodules. Although there are several treatment options available, they are limited to surgery and (131)I radiation therapy that come with significant side effects and hence cannot meet the treatment needs of anaplastic thyroid carcinoma with very high malignancy. Optical imaging that utilizes optical absorption, refraction and scattering properties, not only observes the structure and function of cells, tissues, organs, or even the whole organism to assist in diagnosis, but can also be used to perform optical therapy to achieve targeted non-invasive and precise treatment of thyroid cancer. These applications of screening, diagnosis, and treatment, lend to optical imaging's promising potential within the realm of thyroid cancer surgical navigation. Over the past decade, research on optical imaging in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid cancer has been growing year by year, but no comprehensive review on this topic has been published. Here, we review key advances in the application of optical imaging in the diagnosis and treatment of thyroid cancer and discuss the challenges and potential for clinical translation of this technology.
CDK 4/6 inhibitors have been yielding propitious results when with hormone therapy in the management of Her2-negative and hormone-receptor (HR)-positive metastatic breast cancer, palbociclib being one of the first molecules investigated in this setting. However, the response to CDK4/6 inhibitors is variable. To identify predictive and prognostic factors of response to this therapeutic regimen. Eligible patients were females with HR+ and Her2- advanced breast cancer, receiving Palbociclib in combination with Letrozole. PFS was the primary endpoint in the evaluation of response to treatment. This survival was then further segregated according to various characteristics: histological (type, grade, hormone receptors), metastatic site, line of treatment, response type at initial assessment, and best response achieved. The data was then processed by two statistical analysis models: Kaplan-Meier and univariate preceding multivariate Cox proportional risks. Sixty patients were included and followed for a median follow-up duration of 15.98 months. PFS recorded a median of 19.07 months (95% CI=15.43-22.71). PFS had a median of 12.99 months in the absence of progesterone receptors (vs 20.05 months in the case of positive estrogen and progesterone receptors; P = 0.046), a median of 13.02 months in the presence of liver metastases (vs 22.98 months in the absence of liver metastases; P = 0.007), and 15.94 months in the case of second-line and beyond (vs 22.98 months in the case of first-line; P = 0.033). Regarding the Hazard Ratio of progression, we note age (HR 0.941; P = 0.019), liver metastases (HR 2.751; P = 0.051), response at initial evaluation (HR<1; P < 0.001) and best response (HR<1; P = 0.003). PFS reached similar figures to those of international studies. The absence of progesterone receptors, presence of liver metastases, and use as second-line or beyond are associated with a reduced median PFS. One year age increase (protective factor), liver metastases (risk factor), response at initial evaluation, and best response achieved are identified as the most predictive factors of the response to this treatment regimen and of the progression risk.
Pancreatic cancer (PC) is aggressive and deadly; most PC cells overexpress an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). EGFR-targeting peptide (GE11) was conjugated to gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) for delivering rapamycin (Rap), an mTOR inhibitor that reduces proliferation and induces apoptosis. Biophysical techniques confirmed the conjugation. Rap loading efficiency was 41.5%, with sustained release at a lower pH. Conjugates showed higher uptake in PANC-1 cells than unmodified AuNPs. It also inhibited proliferation and induced apoptosis via pathways involving reactive oxygen species, mitochondrial damage, and caspase activation. This approach represents a promising nanoparticle-based therapeutic strategy targeting PC cells, utilizing GE11-EGFR interactions to minimize toxicity and enhance the efficacy of the therapeutic drug.
We recently reported that nickel accumulation in lung tissues may be associated with an increased in p53 mutation risk via reduced DNA repair activity. Here, we hypothesized that nickel accumulation in lung tissues could contribute to EGFR mutations in never-smokers with lung cancer. We enrolled 76 never-smoking patients to evaluate nickel level in adjacent normal lung tissues by ICP-MS. The prevalence of EGFR mutations was significantly higher in the high-nickel subgroup than in the low-nickel subgroup. Intriguingly, the OR for the occurrence of EGFR mutations in female, adenocarcinoma, and female adenocarcinoma patients was higher than that of all patients. Mechanistically, SPRY2 and RECK expressions were decreased by nickel-induced miR-21 via activation of the EGFR/NF-kappaB signaling pathway, which promoted invasiveness in lung cancer cells, and particularly in the cells with EGFR L858R expression vector transfection. The patients' nickel levels were associated with miR-21 expression levels. Kaplan-Meier analysis revealed poorer overall survival (OS) and shorter relapse free survival (RFS) in the high-nickel subgroup than in low-nickel subgroup. The high-nickel/high-miR-21 subgroup had shorter OS and RFS periods when compared to the low-nickel/low-miR-21 subgroup. Our findings support previous epidemiological studies indicating that nickel exposure may not only contribute to cancer incidence but also promote tumor invasion in lung cancer.
BACKGROUND: Lead time, the interval between screen detection and when a disease would have become clinically evident, has been cited to explain longer survival times in mammography detected breast cancer cases (BC). METHODS: An institutional retrospective cohort study of BC outcomes related to detection method (mammography (MamD) vs. patient (PtD)). Cases were first primary invasive stage I-III BC, age 40-74 years (n = 6603), 1999-2016. Survival time was divided into 1) distant disease-free interval (DDFI) and 2) distant disease-specific survival (DDSS) as two separate time interval outcomes. We measured statistical association between detection method and diagnostic, treatment and outcome variables using bivariate comparisons, Cox proportional hazards analyses and mean comparisons. Outcomes were distant recurrence (n = 422), DDFI and DDSS. RESULTS: 39% of cases were PtD (n = 2566) and 61% were MamD (n = 4037). MamD cases had a higher percentage of Stage I tumors [MamD 69% stage I vs. PtD 31%, p < .001]. Rate of distant recurrence was 11% among PtD BC cases (n = 289) vs. 3% of MamD (n = 133) (p < .001). Order of factor entry into the distant recurrence time interval (DDFI) model was 1) TNM stage (p < .001), 2) HR/HER2 status (p < .001), 3) histologic grade (p = .005) and 4) detection method (p < .001). Unadjusted PtD DDFI mean time was 4.34 years and MamD 5.52 years (p < .001), however when stratified by stage, the most significant factor relative to distant recurrence, there was no significant difference between PtD and MamD BC. Distant disease specific survival time did not differ by detection method. CONCLUSION: We observed breast cancer distant disease-free interval to be primarily associated with stage at diagnosis and tumor characteristics with less contribution of detection method to the full model. Patient and mammography detected breast cancer mean lead time to distant recurrence differed significantly by detection method for all stages but not significantly within stage with no difference in time from distant recurrence to death. Lead time difference related to detection method appears to be present but may be less influential than other factors in distant disease-free and disease specific survival.
Metastatic disease results from the dissemination of tumor cells beyond their organ of origin to grow in distant organs and is the primary cause of death in patients with advanced breast cancer. Preclinical murine models in which primary tumors spontaneously metastasize are valuable tools for studying metastatic progression and novel cancer treatment combinations. Here, we characterize a novel syngeneic murine breast tumor cell line that provides a model of spontaneously metastatic neu-expressing breast cancer with quicker onset of widespread metastases after orthotopic mammary implantation in immune-competent NeuN mice. The NT2.5-lung metastasis (-LM) cell line was derived from serial passaging of tumor cells that were macro-dissected from spontaneous lung metastases after orthotopic mammary implantation of parental NT2.5 cells. Within one week of NT2.5-LM implantation, metastases are observed in the lungs. Within four weeks, metastases are also observed in the bones, spleen, colon, and liver. We demonstrate that NT2.5-LM metastases are positive for NeuN-the murine equivalent of human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2). We further demonstrate altered expression of markers of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), suggestive of their enhanced metastatic potential. Genomic analyses support these findings and reveal enrichment in EMT-regulating pathways. In addition, the metastases are rapidly growing, proliferative, and responsive to HER2-directed therapy. The new NT2.5-LM model provides certain advantages over the parental NT2/NT2.5 model, given its more rapid and spontaneous development of metastases. Besides investigating mechanisms of metastatic progression, this new model may be used for the rationalized development of novel therapeutic interventions and assessment of therapeutic responses.
Osimertinib is a third-generation irreversible epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used as first-line systemic therapy for advanced EGFR mutant non-small cell lung cancer. Osimertinib is generally very well tolerated with only a 1% risk of grade 3-4 skin toxicity. Here we present a case of a 68-year-old Asian male with advanced EGFR exon 19 deletion non-small cell lung cancer. After initiation of osimertinib 80 mg daily, he had a rapid worsening of his pre-existing scaly psoriatic plaques with desquamation. Treatment was withheld while psoriasis therapy was administered. He was rechallenged on osimertinib 40 mg daily and within three days developed fever, tachycardia and widespread skin desquamation. There was an initial concern of toxic epidermal necrolysis; however, this was ultimately determined to be a severe flare of psoriasis. This case serves as a reminder that severe and potentially life-threatening complications can occur, and it is imperative to maintain a high level of vigilance for unusual toxicities of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors, including Stevens-Johnson Syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis or psoriasis.
AIM: Breast cancer can be divided into four subtypes: luminal-A, luminal-B, HER-2 enriched and triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) by the presence or absence of receptors. Each subtype has a typical clinical behavior and prognosis. Many chemotherapeutic agents are used clinically for breast cancer. The histoculture drug response assay (HDRA) is used for selection of effective chemotherapeutic agents for individual patients Materials and Methods: In the present study, the HDRA was used for eleven frequently-used single-agent or combinations on the four subtypes of breast cancer in order to determine the correlation of drug sensitivity profile and breast-cancer subtype. Fifty invasive ductal breast carcinoma patients who underwent cancer surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy between January 2012 and January 2013 had their tumors analyzed in the HDRA. Age, gender, height and weight, tumor-nodes-metastasis (TNM) stage, immunohistochemical (IHC profiles, breast-cancer subtypes and HDRA results were recorded. RESULTS: The inhibition rate (IR) of each agent or combination for each breast-cancer subtype was determined. Drug to drug IRs were statistically distinct in all subtypes (p<0.05) but no correlation between response to chemotherapeutic agents and breast-cancer subtype was found (p=0.851 by two-way ANOVA test). CONCLUSION: The clear difference between average sensitivity of the chemotherapeutic agents tested and lack of correlation with breast-cancer subtype suggest the importance of individualized treatment for breast-cancer patients.
PURPOSE: To examine the impact of radiotherapy on breast cancer patients with triple-negative (ER-, PR-, HER2/neu-) disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospectively collected database of 152 triple negative breast cancer patients was initiated in 2004. A total of 77 patients who had all phases of their therapy (surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy) at our institution with a minimum of 2-months follow-up are included. Patients with all types of surgery (lumpectomy or mastectomy), chemotherapy (neoadjuvant or adjuvant), and radiotherapy (tangents only or comprehensive nodal irradiation) are included. Patients received radiotherapy in the setting of breast-conservation and in the postmastectomy setting for >/=5 cm primary tumors and/or >/=4 positive lymph nodes. Patients were divided into 2 groups for statistical analysis, based on whether they received radiotherapy or not. RESULTS: In the cohort, 53 (69%) received radiotherapy, 24 (31%) received no radiotherapy. The median follow-up was 23.2 months (range, 2.0-63.1). In the alive patients, the median follow-up time was 25.6 (range, 2.0-63.1) months. Patients who received radiotherapy were significantly more likely to be of a higher AJCC stage (P < 0.001) than patients who did not receive radiotherapy. Of the patients who received radiotherapy, 33 (61.1%) did so for breast conservation. For the entire group, 1- and 3-year overall survivals are 90.9% and 86.3%, respectively. The 3-year actuarial locoregional relapse-free survival probability for patients who received radiation was higher than those who did not receive radiation (79.6% vs. 57.9%, P = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Despite significantly lower AJCC stage, patients with triple-negative breast cancer who do not undergo radiotherapy have a significantly higher risk of locoregional recurrence.
BACKGROUND: The molecular subtype of breast cancer is one of the most important factors affecting patient prognosis. The study aimed to analyze the association between quantitative and qualitative features of contrast-enhanced mammography (CEM) images and breast cancer molecular subtypes. METHODS: This retrospective double-center study included women who underwent CEM between November 2017 and April 2020. Each patient had at least 1 malignant lesion confirmed by pathology. The CEM images were evaluated by 2 radiologists to obtain quantitative and qualitative image features. The molecular subtypes were studied as dichotomous outcomes, including luminal versus non-luminal, human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2)-enriched versus non-HER2-enriched, and triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) versus non-TNBC subtypes. The association between the image features and molecular subtypes was analyzed by multivariate logistic regression, with odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) provided. RESULTS: A total of 151 patients with 160 malignant lesions were included in the study. For quantitative features, a higher standard deviation of lesion density was associated with non-luminal (OR =0.88, 95% CI: 0.81 to 0.96, P=0.004) and HER2-enriched breast cancers (OR =1.16, 95% CI: 1.04 to 1.28, P=0.006). The relative degree of enhancement (RDE) and contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR) were not associated with molecular subtypes. However, a higher CNR/lesion size (OR =1.06, 95% CI: 1.01 to 1.12, P=0.012) was associated with luminal subtype cancers, and a higher RDE/lesion size (OR =0.94, 95% CI: 0.88 to 1.00, P=0.035) or a higher CNR/lesion size (OR =0.94, 95% CI: 0.88-1.00, P=0.038) was associated with non-TNBCs. For qualitative features, the presence of calcification was associated with HER2-enriched breast cancers (OR =2.91, 95% CI: 1.10 to 7.67, P=0.031). The presence of architectural distortion was associated with luminal cancer (OR =14.50, 95% CI: 1.91 to 110.14, P=0.010) and non-TNBC (OR =0.05, 95% CI: 0.00 to 0.43, P=0.022). Non-mass enhancement (OR =2.78, 95% CI: 1.08 to 7.14, P=0.033) was associated with HER2-enriched breast cancers. An association remained after adjustments for age, breast thickness, and breast density (all adjusted P<0.050). CONCLUSIONS: The quantitative and qualitative imaging features of CEM could contribute to distinguishing breast cancer molecular subtypes.
RNA interference is a widely used biological process by which double-stranded RNA induces sequence-specific gene silencing by targeting mRNA for degradation. However, the physicochemical properties of siRNAs make their delivery extremely challenging, thus limiting their bioavailability at the target site. In this context, we developed a versatile and selective siRNA delivery system of a trastuzumab-conjugated nanocarrier. These immunoconjugates consist of the assembly by electrostatic interactions of an oligonucleotide-modified antibody with a cationic micelle for the targeted delivery of siRNA in HER2-overexpressing cancer cells. Results show that, when associated with the corresponding siRNA at the appropriate N/P ratio, our supramolecular assembly was able to efficiently induce luciferase and PLK-1 gene silencing in a cell-selective manner in vitro.
EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are standard therapy for EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, these tumours eventually acquire chemoresistance. U3-1402 is an anti-HER3 antibody-drug conjugate with a novel topoisomerase I inhibitor, DXd. In the current study, we evaluated the anticancer efficacy of U3-1402 in EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells with acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs. HCC827GR5 and PC9AZDR7 are EGFR-TKI-resistant clones for gefitinib and osimertinib, respectively. U3-1402 alone or in combination with the EGFR-TKI erlotinib demonstrated potent anticancer efficacy in HCC827GR5 cells using an in vitro growth inhibition assay and in vivo xenograft mouse model. U3-1402 induced apoptosis in HCC827GR5 cells accompanying phosphorylation of histone H2A.X, a marker of DNA damage, but did not block HER3/PI3K/AKT signalling. Further, we found using flow cytometry that the cell surface HER3 expression level in HCC827GR5 cells was twice that found in HCC827 cells, indicating internalization of U3-1402 was increased in resistant cells. In addition, administration of U3-1402 notably repressed growth of EGFR-TKI osimertinib-resistant PC9AZDR7 xenograft tumours, and that PC9AZDR7 cells expressed five times greater cell surface HER3 than PC9 cells. Furthermore, using immunofluorescent microscopy, HER3 was observed predominantly in the nucleus of PC9 cells, but was localized in the cytoplasm of PC9AZDR7 cells. This finding indicates that altered trafficking of the HER3-U3-1402 complex may accelerate linker payload cleavage by cytoplasmic lysosomal enzymes, resulting in DNA damage. Our results indicate that administration of U3-1402 alone or in combination with an EGFR-TKI may have potential as a novel therapy for EGFR-TKI-resistant EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
HER2-positive breast cancers (HER2+ BC) are a heterogeneous group of tumors with variable clinical behavior. SOX10, a biomarker that has been studied in the context of breast carcinomas, especially triple-negative breast carcinomas (TNBC), has yet to be systematically investigated in a cohort of HER2+ BC. Our aim was to investigate the clinicopathological features of the SOX10+ subset of HER2+ BC. 80 HER2+/ER- invasive breast carcinomas were stained for SOX10. All SOX10+ cases and a matched number of SOX10- cases were also stained for vimentin and androgen receptor (AR). 18 % (14/80) of our cases were SOX10+. SOX10 expression was seen in both IHC positive (3+) and equivocal (2+) but ISH-amplified cases. The SOX10+ tumors were significantly associated with both greater vimentin expression (36 % vs 0 %, p = 0.0407) and less AR expression (14 % vs 100 %, p = 0.0001) compared to SOX10- tumors. Interestingly, the vimentin+/AR- subset of our SOX10+ cases showed uniformly apocrine-like morphology, while all SOX10- cases, including those with apocrine-like morphology, were vimentin-/AR+. Our findings suggest that SOX10+/HER2+ BC are more likely to show a peculiar apocrine-like, vimentin+/AR- phenotype as compared to SOX10-/HER2+ BC.
The erbB-2 gene encodes tyrosine kinase receptor p185(neu). Overexpression of erbB-2 plays a key role in tumorigenesis and the progression of tumors such as breast cancer and ovarian cancer. Our investigation suggests that the anti-inflammatory agent N-(4-ethoxyphenol)-2-hydroxy-acid amide (SUCI02) reversibly represses tyrosine phosphorylation of erbB-2 in a dose-dependent manner, with half maximal inhibition occurring at a concentration of 21.05 micromol/L without reduced erbB-2 receptor expression. Activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase and protein kinase B, downstream molecules of the erbB-2-mediated signal transduction pathway, was inhibited following exposure to SUCI02. In contrast, tyrosine phosphorylation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was relatively unaffected by SUCI02. Proliferation of erbB-2-overexpressing BT474 cells was inhibited to a greater extent than proliferation of EGFR-overexpressing A431 cells following exposure to SUCI02. SUCI02 induced cell cycle arrest in G(1) phase with upregulation of p27 and downregulation of pRb phosphorylation. Systemic administration of SUCI02 in nude mice resulted in inhibition of erbB-2 tyrosine kinase phosphorylation of subcutaneous human breast cancer BT474 xenografts. We conclude that SUCI02 inhibits erbB-2 tyrosine kinase phosphorylation in vitro and in vivo, shuts down the erbB-2 downstream pathway and induces cell cycle arrest in G(1) phase. These results suggest that SUCI02 is a potential novel anticancer agent that deserves further investigation. (Cancer Sci 2006; 97: 84-89).
Male breast cancer remains understudied despite evidence of rising incidence. Using a co-ordinated multi-centre approach, we present the first large scale biomarker study to define and compare hormone receptor profiles and survival between male and female invasive breast cancer. We defined and compared hormone receptor profiles and survival between 251 male and 263 female breast cancers matched for grade, age, and lymph node status. Tissue microarrays were immunostained for ERalpha, ERbeta1, -2, -5, PR, PRA, PRB and AR, augmented by HER2, CK5/6, 14, 18 and 19 to assist typing. Hierarchical clustering determined differential nature of influences between genders. Luminal A was the most common phenotype in both sexes. Luminal B and HER2 were not seen in males. Basal phenotype was infrequent in both. No differences in overall survival at 5 or 10 years were observed between genders. Notably, AR-positive luminal A male breast cancer had improved overall survival over female breast cancer at 5 (P = 0.01, HR = 0.39, 95% CI = 0.26-0.87) but not 10 years (P = 0.29, HR = 0.75, 95% CI = 0.46-1.26) and both 5 (P = 0.04, HR = 0.37, 95% CI = 0.07-0.97) and 10 years (P = 0.04, HR = 0.43, 95% CI = 0.12-0.97) in the unselected group. Hierarchical clustering revealed common clusters between genders including total PR-PRA-PRB and ERbeta1/2 clusters. A striking feature was the occurrence of ERalpha on distinct clusters between genders. In female breast cancer, ERalpha clustered with PR and its isoforms; in male breast cancer, ERalpha clustered with ERbeta isoforms and AR. Our data supports the hypothesis that breast cancer is biologically different in males and females suggesting implications for clinical management. With the incidence of male breast cancer increasing this provides impetus for further study.
BACKGROUND: It remains unknown whether blockade of c-Met signaling and epidermal growth factor receptor signaling is effective in suppressing the growth of human colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. In this study, we investigated the effects of the c-Met inhibitor PHA-665752 alone and in combination with cetuximab on the growth of human CRC cells in vitro and in mouse xenografts. METHODS: Human CRC cell lines (Caco2, HCT-116, and HT-29) and mice bearing HCT-116 xenografts were treated with cetuximab in the absence or presence of PHA-665752. Cell viability and apoptosis were examined using the MTT and TUNEL assays, respectively. Vimentin was measured by immunohistochemistry as a marker for epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Western blotting was used to determine signaling protein expression levels. RESULTS: The MTT assay showed that the growth of Caco2, HCT-116, and HT-29 cells was inhibited by PHA-665752 in a dose-dependent manner, but only Caco2 cell growth was suppressed by cetuximab. Combination treatment with PHA-665752 and cetuximab inhibited the proliferation of Caco2 cells and RAS mutant CRC cell lines. However, relative to the PHA-665752-alone treatment group, HT-29 cells with a BRAF mutation showed no noticeable effect. The mean tumor volume in mice treated with cetuximab in combination with PHA-665752 was significantly smaller than that in the mice treated with only cetuximab (P = 0.033) or PHA-665752 (P < 0.01). Similarly, the expression of vimentin in the mice treated with PHA-665752 in combination with cetuximab was significantly lower than that in the mice treated with cetuximab or PHA-665752 alone (P < 0.05 in each case). TUNEL assays revealed that treatment with PHA-665752 in combination with cetuximab markedly increased CRC cell apoptosis. Western blotting analysis of signaling protein expression showed that PHA- 665752 inhibited Met phosphorylation (P < 0.05). In addition, treatment with cetuximab alone or in combination with PHA-665752 effectively inhibited EGFR phosphorylation (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Combination treatment with PHA-665752 and cetuximab suppressed in vitro and in vivo CRC cell growth more than treatment with either agent alone did.
Reactions between halogen substituted terpyridine ligands F- (L1), Cl- (L2), Br- (L3) and I-4'-phenyl-terpyridine (L4) and ZnBr2 or ZnI2 led to the formation of complexes [Zn(Br)2L1] (1), [Zn(i)2L1] (2), [Zn(Br)2L2] (3), [Zn(i)2L2] (4), [Zn(Br)2L3] (5), [Zn(i)2L3] (6), [Zn(Br)2L4] (7), and [Zn(i)2L4] (8), respectively, which were characterized by elemental analysis, 1H NMR, IR and single crystal X-ray diffraction. Their photoluminescence properties, solution stabilities, hydrophilicity/lipophilicity properties and anti-proliferative activity against three cancer cell lines as well as structure-function relationships are analyzed. All the complexes, which show high solution stabilities and lipophilicity under determination conditions, reveal much higher antiproliferative activities than cisplatin against the human lung carcinoma cell line (A549), human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line (Bel-7042) and human breast cancer cell line (MCF-7) in vitro. Fluorescence spectroscopy and circular dichroic analysis reveal that the compounds have strong affinity binding with ctDNA and stack onto the base pairs of the ctDNA. The results obtained are further explained in terms of the electronic properties of the compounds by density functional theory (DFT) calculations, and it is found that the halogen anions play critical roles in the antitumor activity of these compounds. Their affinities to HSP90 proteins, ALK, EGFR and HER2 kinases and the binding sites on these proteins have been determined by computational docking analysis, and the results indicate that the only form of their binding is van der Waals forces.
INTRODUCTION: Lung cancer is most common in older patients; despite this, older patients are historically under-represented in clinical studies. Here we present data from GIDEON, a study undertaken in Germany in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor mutation-positive (EGFRm+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving first-line afatinib. GIDEON enrolled a high proportion of patients aged >/=70 years, providing an opportunity to study afatinib use in older patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In GIDEON (NCT02047903), a prospective non-interventional study, patients with EGFRm+ NSCLC received first-line afatinib in routine clinical practice until disease progression, death or intolerable adverse events. Key objectives were twelve-month progression-free survival (PFS) rate and objective response rate (ORR). Overall survival (OS) and safety were also assessed. This post hoc analysis explores outcomes of patients grouped by age (>/=70 and <70 years). RESULTS: In the 152 patients enrolled in GIDEON (69.7% female, 64.5%/22.4%/13.2% with Del19/L858R/other exon 18-21 mutations, 33.6% with brain metastases), the median age was 67 years (range 38-89) and 43.4% were aged >/=70 years. In the >/=70 years age group and the <70 years age group, twelve-month PFS rate was 58.9% and 43.9%, median PFS was 17.2 months and 10.6 months, ORR was 72.0% and 76.5%, twelve-month OS rate was 79.1% and 79.2%, 24-month OS rate was 52.0% and 61.7%, and median OS was 30.4 months and 27.4 months, respectively. In the >/=70 years age group and the <70 years age group, grade >/=3 adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were observed in 34.8% and 40.7% of patients, respectively; the most common were diarrhea (13.6% and 14.0%), acneiform dermatitis (7.6% and 7.0%), stomatitis (1.5% and 4.7%) and maculopapular rash (1.5% and 4.7%). DISCUSSION: Patients with EGFRm+ NSCLC aged >/=70 years showed clinical benefit from first-line afatinib with no unexpected safety signals, supporting the use of afatinib in this setting.
Cancer cells are unequal in a tumor mass and in established cultures. This is attributable to cancer stem cells with the unique ability to self-renew and to generate differentiating progeny. This ability is controlled at the level of asymmetric division by mechanisms that are yet not well defined. We found that normal and cancer keratinocyte fate was linked to the asymmetric distribution of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) during mitosis. Although essential for epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and survival, this receptor was not present on the surface of cells satisfying criteria for stem cells such as quiescence, competence to produce functionally distinct daughters, high proliferative and clonogenic potential, sphere formation ability, and expression of stem cell markers. In contrast, keratinocytes displaying EGFR acquired a more differentiated phenotype, suggesting that EGFR may be involved in a switch from stem to transient amplifying cell fate. This switch was associated with changes in the expression profile of cell cycle, survival, and mitochondria controlling proteins that varied between normal and cancer cells. In conclusion, it appears that an unequal distribution of EGFR at mitosis controls keratinocyte fate by balancing quiescence and cycling of EGFR(-) cells, clearly malfunctioning in cancer. We believe that our findings provide mechanistic insights into the development of resistance to anti-EGFR therapies.
Tyrosine kinase Inhibitors (TKIs) of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has considerably benefited for non-small cell lung carcinomas (NSCLC) harbor mutations in EGFR. However, the factors attenuating EGFR-TKI efficiency are obstacles to inhibit the proliferation of EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells successfully. Clarifying the insensitivity mechanisms of EGFR-TKI would help to develop new treatment strategy. In this study, the sensitivity of EGFR-mutant NSCLC cell lines, PC9 and HCC827, to icotinib was detected. Similar with other EGFR-TKIs such as gefitinib and erlortinib in previous research, the proliferation of two cell lines was apparently inhibited. However, we surprisingly found that contrast with the suppression of EGFR-AKT/ERK pathway, STAT3 was significantly activated in PC9 cells with the treatment of icotinib, but not in HCC827 cells. Further study confirmed that icotinib concomitantly induced IL-6 secretion and src activation in PC9 cells. Moreover, with the treatment of IL-6 neutralizing antibody or src inhibitor, dasatinib, icotinib-induced phosphorylation of STAT3 was reduced, as well as the sensitivity of PC9 to icotinib was also partially increased. Our results suggest that Src/IL-6/STAT3 bypass pathway is activated to maintain cell survival when the EGFR pathway was inhibited by TKIs, even in some EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells sensitive to TKIs. This finding provides a groundwork for potential combinatorial treatment with TKIs and Src or STAT3 inhibitor to improve icotinib sensitivity.
Cancer cells are defined genetically by the mutations they harbor, commonly single nucleotide substitutions. Therapeutic approaches which specifically target cancer cells by recognizing these defining genetic aberrations are expected to exhibit minimal side-effects. However, current protein-based targeted therapy is greatly limited by the range of genes that can be targeted, as well as by acquired resistance. We hypothesized that a therapeutic oligonucleotide-based strategy may address this need of specific cancer targeting. We used CRISPR/Cas9 system to target a commonly occurring EGFR point mutation, L858R, with an oligonucleotide guide that recognizes L858R as the suitable protospacer-adjacent motif (PAM) sequence for DNA cleavage. We found that this strategy, which utilized PAM to differentiate cancer mutation from normal, afforded high specificity to the extent of a single nucleotide substitution. The anti-L858R vehicle resulted in selective genome cleavage only in L858R mutant cells, as detected by Sanger sequencing and T7 Endonuclease I assay. Wild-type cells were unaffected by the same treatment. Digital PCR revealed 37.9 +/- 8.57% of L858R gene copies were targeted in mutant. Only treated mutant cells, but not wild-type cells, showed reduction in EGFR expression and decreased cell proliferation. Treated mutant cells also formed smaller tumor load in vivo. This targeting approach is expected to be able to target a significant subset of the 15-35% cancer mutations with C > G, A > G, and T > G point mutations. Thus, this strategy may serve as a useful approach to target cancer-defining mutations with specificity, to the extent of differentiating the change of a single nucleotide.
BACKGROUND: HER3 mediates drug resistance against epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), resulting in tumor relapse in lung cancers. Previously, we demonstrated that EGFR induces HER3 overexpression, which facilitates the formation of cancer stem-like tumorspheres. However, the cellular mechanism through which EGFR regulates HER3 expression remains unclear. We hypothesized that EGFR downstream of STAT3 participates in HER3 expression because STAT3 contributes to cancer stemness and survival of EGFR-TKI resistant cancers. METHODS: First, RNAseq was used to uncover potential genes involved in the formation of lung cancer HCC827-derived stem-like tumorspheres. EGFR-positive lung cancer cell lines, including HCC827, A549, and H1975, were individually treated with a panel containing 172 therapeutic agents targeting stem cell-associated genes to search for potential agents that could be applied against EGFR-positive lung cancers. In addition, gene knockdown and RNAseq were used to investigate molecular mechanisms through which STAT3 regulates tumor progression and the survival in lung cancer. RESULTS: BBI608, a STAT3 inhibitor, was a potential therapeutic agent that reduced the cell viability of EGFR-positive lung cancer cell lines. Notably, the inhibitory effects of BBI608 were similar with those associated with YM155, an ILF3 inhibitor. Both compounds reduced G9a-mediated HER3 expression. We also demonstrated that STAT3 upregulated G9a to silence miR-145-5p, which exacerbated HER3 expression in this study. CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that BBI608 could eradicate EGFR-positive lung cancers and demonstrated that STAT3 enhanced the expression of HER3 through miR-145-5p repression by G9a, indicating that STAT3 is a reliable therapeutic target against EGFR-TKI-resistant lung cancers.
Identification of driver mutations in adenocarcinoma of the lung has revolutionized the treatment of this disease. It is now standard of care to look for activating mutations in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and translocations in anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) or ROS1 in all newly diagnosed adenocarcinoma of the lung, and in many patients with squamous cell carcinoma as well. Recognition of multiple other lung cancer driver mutations has also expanded treatment options. Targeted treatments of these mutations lead to rapid and prolonged responses, but resistance inevitably develops. Until recently, traditional chemotherapy was the only alternative at that time, but better understanding of resistance mechanisms has lead to additional therapeutic options. These mechanisms of resistance and treatments are the focus of this chapter. Understanding of mechanisms of chemotherapy resistance is touched upon, along with a brief discussion of immune checkpoint inhibitors.
PURPOSE: Cardiac function assessment is important for detecting and managing trastuzumab-associated cardiotoxicity. Our study estimates rates and predictors of cardiac assessment among patients receiving trastuzumab for HER2-positive early breast cancer (HER2+EBC) in Australia. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of Australians initiating (neo)adjuvant trastuzumab for HER2+EBC between 1 January 2015 and 15 April 2019. We used administrative claims to determine the number of patients receiving guideline-recommended assessment, i.e. evidence of baseline cardiac assessment (between 120 days before and 30 days after trastuzumab initiation) and regular on-treatment cardiac assessments (at least every 120 days). We examined factors associated with baseline and regular on-treatment cardiac assessment. RESULTS: Our study includes 5621 patients (median age 56 years), of whom 4984 (88.7%) had a baseline cardiac function test. Among 4280 patients with at least 12 months of follow-up, 2702 (63.1%) had guideline-recommended cardiac assessment. Rates of guideline-recommended assessment increased with later year of diagnosis (60.9% in 2015 vs 68.3% in 2018, OR 1.34, 95% CI 1.06-1.69). Patients with higher baseline comorbidities and greater socioeconomic disadvantage were less likely to have guideline-recommended cardiac assessment. Cardiac assessment practices varied by State/Territory. There was no association between baseline cardiac risk or anthracycline use and the likelihood of receiving guideline-recommended cardiac assessment. CONCLUSION: The majority of patients receiving (neo)adjuvant trastuzumab had guideline-recommended baseline and on-treatment cardiac assessment. Variations in cardiac assessment predominantly related to system-level factors, such as year of diagnosis and geography, rather than individual patient factors.
PURPOSE: Therapeutic monoclonal antibody is increasingly applied in many clinical applications, although complicated technologies and high cost still limit their wide applications. To obtain the sustained serum antibody concentration with one single injection and lower the cost of antibody protein therapy, an adenovirus-mediated full-length antibody gene therapy was developed. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Full-length antibody light-chain and heavy-chain sequences were linked with internal ribosome entry site and constructed into adenoviral vector under the control of cytomegalovirus promoter. Antibody expression in vitro and in vivo were tested with ELISA, and its antitumor efficacy was evaluated in SKOV-3-inoculated nude mice. RESULTS: Ad5-TAb-generated anti-HER-2 antibody presented the similar binding specificity with commercial trastuzumab. A single i.v. injection of 2 x 10(9) plaque-forming units of Ad5-TAb per mouse resulted in not only a sustained over 40 microg/mL serum antibody level for at least 4 weeks but also significant tumor elimination in the ovarian cancer SKOV-3-inoculated nude mice. CONCLUSIONS: An in vivo full-length antibody gene delivery system allows continuous production of a full-length antibody at high concentration after a single administration. Bioactive antibody macromolecules can be generated via gene transfer in vivo. All the data suggest that this novel adenovirus-mediated antibody gene delivery can be used for the exploitation of antibodies, without being hampered by the sophisticated antibody manufacture techniques and high cost, and, furthermore, can shorten the duration and reduce the expense of antibody developments.
Stathmin1 (STMN1) regulates progression in various cancers. The present study aimed to determine the relationship between STMN1 expression and several cancer-related markers in breast cancer. Using immunohistochemistry, we evaluated STMN1, estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2, Ki-67, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), CK5/6, CD44, CD24, aldehyde dehydrogenase 1, E-cadherin, epithelial cell adhesion molecule, and vimentin in 237 breast cancer patients and the clinical significance of STMN1. STMN1 expression was evaluated in 51 breast cancer cell lines, and the prognostic value of STMN1 was calculated. Higher STMN1 expression was detected in cancer tissues and was predominantly localized in the cytoplasm. High STMN1 expression was associated with the triple negative subtype, nuclear grade progression, high expression of Ki-67, EGFR, CK5/6, E-cadherin and high CD44/low CD24. According to gene expression-based outcome for breast cancer online and the Kaplan-Meier plotter, STMN1 expression was higher in basal-type cell lines than in luminal-type cell lines, and overall survival and post-progression survival in the high STMN1 expression breast cancer patients were shorter than in low STMN1 expression patients. High STMN1 expression is a possible marker of breast cancer aggressiveness in association with proliferation, phenotype and cancer stem cell type.
INTRODUCTION: Emphysema is thought to be a risk factor for lung cancer in smokers, with emphysematous bullae (EBs), which are believed to have the potential to give rise to lung cancer. The clinical characteristics of patients with lung cancer with EBs have remained incompletely defined, however. METHODS: A total of 488 patients with primary lung cancer with or without EBs as detected by computed tomography were studied retrospectively, and the regional relationship between EBs and the primary cancer was evaluated. RESULTS: EBs were detected in 45 of the 488 patients with lung cancer (9.2%) (in 45 of 339 smokers [13.3%] versus in 0 of 149 never-smokers [0%]). The frequency of lung cancer in an upper lobe was significantly higher in smokers with EBs than in those without EBs (71.1% versus 47.3%, p = 0.0107). The lobar site of primary lung cancer in smokers with EBs was significantly associated with that of the EBs (p < 0.0001). Most primary lung cancers (86.7%) in such patients were found in the area adjoining EBs. Smoking patients with lung cancer with EBs were significantly younger (63.6 versus 67.7 years, p = 0.0179) and had tumors with a lower frequency of epidermal growth factor gene (EGFR) mutations (3.8% versus 24.2%, p = 0.0184) compared with those without EBs. CONCLUSIONS: The clinical characteristics of smoking patients with lung cancer differ according to the absence or presence of EBs, with patients with EBs being potentially more susceptible to the carcinogenic effects of cigarette smoke. Further analysis of genetic alterations is warranted to elucidate the mechanism of carcinogenesis for lung cancer associated with EBs.
Whole exome sequencing (WES), targeted gene panel sequencing and single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) arrays are increasingly used for the identification of actionable alterations that are critical to cancer care. Here, we compared The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and the Genomics Evidence Neoplasia Information Exchange (GENIE) breast cancer genomic datasets (array and next generation sequencing (NGS) data) in detecting genomic alterations in clinically relevant genes. We performed an in silico analysis to determine the concordance in the frequencies of actionable mutations and copy number alterations/aberrations (CNAs) in the two most common breast cancer histologies, invasive lobular and invasive ductal carcinoma. We found that targeted sequencing identified a larger number of mutational hotspots and clinically significant amplifications that would have been missed by WES and SNP arrays in many actionable genes such as PIK3CA, EGFR, AKT3, FGFR1, ERBB2, ERBB3 and ESR1. The striking differences between the number of mutational hotspots and CNAs generated from these platforms highlight a number of factors that should be considered in the interpretation of array and NGS-based genomic data for precision medicine. Targeted panel sequencing was preferable to WES to define the full spectrum of somatic mutations present in a tumor.
Low accumulation of anticancer drugs in tumors and serious systemic toxicity remain the main challenges to the clinical efficiency of pharmaceuticals. Pulmonary delivery of nanoscale-based drug delivery systems offered a strategy to increase antitumor activity with minimal adverse exposure. Herein, we report an osimertinib-loaded perfluoro-15-crown-5-ether (AZD9291-PFCE) nanoemulsion, through intratracheal and intravenous delivery, synergizes with (19)F magnetic resonance imaging ((19)F MRI)-guided low-intensity focused ultrasound (LIFU) for lung cancer therapy. Pulmonary delivery of AZD9291-PFCE nanoemulsion in orthotopic lung carcinoma models achieves quick distribution of the nanoemulsion in lung tissues and tumors without short-term and long-term toxic effects. Furthermore, LIFU can trigger drug release from the AZD9291-PFCE nanoemulsion and specifically increases tumor vascular and tumor tissue permeability. (19)F MRI was applied to quantify nanoemulsion accumulation in tumors in real time after LIFU irradiation. We validate the treatment effect of AZD9291-PFCE nanoemulsion in resected human lung cancer tissues, proving the translational potential to enhance clinical outcomes of lung cancer therapy. Thus, this work presents a promising pulmonary nanoemulsion delivery system of osimertinib (AZD9291) for targeted therapy of lung cancer without severe side effects.
Metastasis attributed to approximately 90% of cancer-related deaths; hence, the detection of metastatic tumor-derived components in the blood assists in determining cancer recurrence and patient survival. Microfluidic-based sensors facilitate analysis of small fluid volumes and represent an accurate, rapid, and user-friendly method of field diagnoses. In this study, we have developed a microfluidic chip-based exosomal mRNA sensor (exoNA-sensing chip) for the one-step detection of exosomal ERBB2 in the blood by integrating a microfluidic chip and 3D-nanostructured hydrogels. The exoNA-sensing chip is a vacuum-driven power-free microfluidic chip that can accurately control the flow of trace fluids (<100 muL). The sensing part of the exoNA-sensing chip includes 3D-nanostructured hydrogels capable of detecting ERBB2 and a reference gene by amplifying a fluorescent signal via an enzyme-free catalytic hairpin assembly reaction at room temperature. This hydrogel offers a detection limit of 58.3 fM with good selectivity for target sequences. The performance of the exoNA-sensing chip was evaluated by testing in vitro and in vivo samples and was proven to be effective for cancer diagnosis and liquid biopsies.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation have a median progression-free survival of 12 months on treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). Clearly, the introduction of these agents had major implications for the treatment of NSCLC, but new questions and challenges arise as well. Traditionally, response assessments of anti-cancer treatment are conducted according to the RECIST criteria. Progressive disease is usually indicative of a change of therapy. In the current era of targeted therapies, it has become clear that different patterns of progressive disease are observed with TKI treatment in EGFR-mutated NSCLC patients, with potential consequences for therapeutic decision-making. In this review, we will discuss whether the RECIST criteria are still optimal for response evaluation. Rebiopsy studies have provided more insight into different resistance mechanisms at the time of acquired resistance to TKIs. These mechanisms, as well as the role of rebiopsy in daily clinical practice, will subsequently be covered. Finally, treatment strategies for different types of progressive disease will be discussed.
OBJECTIVES: The inconsistent findings from genetic association studies may be related to the heterogeneity in different molecular subtypes of lung cancer. This study evaluated the predisposing single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant and EGFR wild-type lung adenocarcinoma separately among never-smokers. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a two-stage case-control study. Never-smokers with pathologically confirmed lung adenocarcinoma and healthy controls were recruited in Hong Kong and Macau. Genomic DNA was extracted and genotyped by MassARRAY. In the discovery stage, 51 SNPs were investigated at the SNP, gene and pathway level among 103 EGFR mutant and 78 EGFR wild-type lung adenocarcinoma cases compared with matched controls. In the validation stage, SNPs that were identified with significant lung cancer risk were replicated in a separate cohort of 84 lung adenocarcinoma cases and compared with 103 Chinese Han, Beijing and 105 Chinese Han, Southern public controls from the 1000 genome database. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The genetic association of IL-6 rs2069840 with EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma was ascertained. In the discovery stage, haplotype GGG in three SNPs (rs2069840, rs2069852, rs2066992) of IL-6, synergetic effects of IL-6 rs2069840 and environmental tobacco smoke in the workplace were found to be related to EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma. ERCC2 rs238406 showed a marginally significant association with EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma in the validation stage (P=0.096). ERCC2 rs50871 and ATM rs611646 showed significant association with EGFR wild-type lung adenocarcinoma in the discovery stage. In conclusion, IL-6 rs2069840 conferred susceptibility to EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma in a Hong Kong and Macau never-smoking Chinese population.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is a cytokine composed of 53 amino acids (6.2 kDa), and it is secreted by ectodermic cells, monocytes, kidneys, and duodenal glands (1). EGF stimulates growth of epidermal and epithelial cells. EGF and at least seven other growth factors and their transmembrane receptor kinases play important roles in cell proliferation, survival, adhesion, migration, and differentiation. The EGF receptor (EGFR) family consists of four transmembrane receptors: EGFR (HER1/erbB-1), HER2 (erbB-2/neu), HER3 (erbB-3), and HER4 (erbB-4) (2). HER1, HER3, and HER4 comprise three major functional domains: an extracellular ligand-binding domain, a hydrophobic transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain. No ligand has been clearly identified for HER2. However, HER2 can be activated as a result of ligand binding to other HER receptors with the formation of receptor homodimers and/or heterodimers (3). HER1 and HER2 are overexpressed on many solid tumor cells such as breast, non-small cell lung, head and neck, and colon cancers (4-6). The high levels of HER1 and HER2 expression on cancer cells are associated with a poor prognosis (7-10). Trastuzumab is a humanized IgG(1) monoclonal antibody (mAb) against the extracellular domain of recombinant HER2 with an affinity constant (K(d)) of 0.1 nM (11). (111)In-Trastuzumab, Cy5.5-trastuzumab, and (68)Ga-trastuzumab-F(ab')(2) have been developed for imaging of human breast cancer (12-16). However, the pharmacokinetics of intact radiolabeled mAbs, with high liver uptake and slow blood elimination, are generally not ideal for imaging. Smaller antibody fragments, such as Fab or F(ab')(2), have better imaging pharmacokinetics because they are rapidly excreted by the kidneys. A novel class of recombinant affinity ligands (Affibody molecules) for HER2 was constructed based on the 58-amino-acid Z-domain residues from one of the IgG-binding domains of staphylococcal protein A (17). Affibody molecules exhibit high binding affinity to HER2 with K(d) values of <100 pM. Various radiolabeled Affibody molecules have been studied in terms of their ability to image HER2 in tumors [PubMed]. A cysteine molecule was introduced at the C-terminus of Affibody molecules for site-specific coupling with the chelator 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7-tris-acetic acid-10-maleimidoethylacetamide (MMA-DOTA) for (111)In labeling. (111)In-[MMA-DOTA-Cys(61)]-Z(HER2:2395) ((111)In-DOTA-Z(HER2:2395)) has been evaluated in nude mice bearing human colon adenocarcinoma tumors (18). Heskamp et al. (19) prepared (18)F-1,4,7-triazacyclononane-1,4,7-triacetic acid-10-maleimidoethylacetamide-Affibody Z(HER2:2395) ((18)F-NOTA-Z(HER2:2395)) by complexation of Al(18)F with NOTA as a positron emission tomography (PET) agent for imaging HER2 expression.
Targeted therapies have revolutionized treatment of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon20ins mutations are resistant to tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Amivantamab utilizes multiple mechanisms of action to bypass the altered binding site conformation and recruits immune cells for anti-cancer activity. Amivantamab is approved in the frontline setting of EGFR exon20ins-mutated NSCLC in combination with carboplatin plus pemetrexed. Single-agent amivantamab is approved in second line or later for EGFR exon20ins. Furthermore, amivantamab with lazertinib for first line as well as amivantamab in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed for second line after osimertinib have both been approved in the treatment of NSCLC harboring EGFR-sensitizing mutations. Now with multiple indications, we must learn how to manage the unique side effects of amivantamab to maximize treatment benefit for the patients. Side effects of amivantamab can be associated with inhibition of the EGFR and/or mesenchymal epithelial transcription factor (MET) signaling pathways. This work reviews the mechanism of action, pharmacology, clinical trial data, and covers management of toxicities. This guide is designed as a practical reference tool for clinicians, pharmacists, and basic science researchers.
BACKGROUND: Male breast cancer (MBC) is a rare disease, and the potential influence of low expression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2 low) remains unexplored. METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, we evaluated 870 patients treated for MBC between May 2009 and June 2023 to assess HER2 low status and its prognostic implications. RESULTS: With a median follow-up of 43 months (range 1-175 months), 659 eligible patients were categorized into three groups based on HER2 status: 501 (76%) HER2 low, 81 (12.3%) HER2 zero, and 77 (11.7%) HER2 positive. HER2 positivity correlated with younger age, higher proliferation index, non-specific type histology, lymphovascular invasion (LVSI), and low differentiation grade. Notably, all these parameters were equally distributed between the HER2 zero and HER2 low groups. Additionally, HER2 positivity was significantly associated with increased occurrences of regional and distant lymph nodes and pulmonary metastases. However, no statistically significant difference was observed between HER2 zero and HER2 low. Disease-free and overall survival showed no significant disparities between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that HER2 low status is frequently detected in MBC. Despite this, HER2 low did not correlate with clinical and pathological parameters, nor did it impact patients' survival.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a tyrosine kinase receptor that stimulates cell proliferation and survival and becomes dysregulated in a range of solid tumours in man. It is recognized as a key oncogenic driver and has become a favoured therapeutic target and a prognostic and predictive marker of cancer in man. In animals, EGFR dysregulation is emerging as a potential factor in the development of a number of naturally occurring tumours including mammary, lung, glial and epithelial cancers. Comparative analyses suggest that these diseases share many features with equivalent diseases in man and EGFR may have value as a prognostic or a biological marker of animal disease. There is still little direct evidence that EGFR is a critical oncogenic driver in naturally occurring animal disease and there are no veterinary trials of EGFR-targeted therapy. These will be critical steps in establishing a role for EGFR in veterinary oncology.
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy, affecting middle-age and older women frequently suffering from other chronic diseases, including chronic kidney disease. The risk of breast cancer development in women on renal replacement therapy (peritoneal dialysis and haemodialysis) is higher than in the general population. Chronic kidney disease does not limit surgical treatment or radiotherapy; however, it affects the pharmacokinetics of drugs used in the systematic treatment to a different extent, increasing their toxicity and the risk of adverse drug reactions. This article summarizes the current knowledge (published studies accessed through PUBMED) on drugs used in chemotherapy, hormone therapy, anti-HER2 drugs, CDK4/6 inhibitors, PARP inhibitors, and immune therapy in breast cancer patients undergoing dialysis. We discuss the data, the optimal choice of the chemotherapeutic protocol, and the administration of drugs in a specific time relation to the haemodialysis session to ensure the most effective and safe treatment to breast cancer patients.
Amplification and over-expression of HER2/neu oncogene is found in diverse types of human cancers, and is closely related to tumor occurrence, metastasis, angiogenesis and chemotherapy resistance. Therapeutic agents targeting HER2/neu have been intensively addressed over the past decades. In non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs), the prevalence of HER2/neu activation, its role in prognosis, and its possible implications as a therapeutic target, are still to be elucidated. Here we show that the abundant or moderate over-expression of HER2/neu could be detected in both pulmonary adenocarcinoma and pulmonary large cell carcinoma cell lines. Stable knockdown of HER2/neu expression in the NSCLC cell line SPC-A-1 was achieved by vector-based small interfering RNAs (siRNAs), which consequently caused significant decrease in cell proliferation and clone forming efficiency, as well as cell cycle arrest at G(1) phase. Compared with the parental NSCLC cells, HER2/neu knockdown cells exhibited attenuated capacities in developing tumors in nude mice, and the growth tumors xenografts derived from these cells were dramatically regressed. These data provided direct evidence that HER2/neu signaling is essential for tumorigenicity of NSCLC cells, and suggested that siRNAs targeted to HER2/neu may provide a novel therapeutic strategy in the treatment of NSCLC, especially when combined with traditional therapeutics or via development of vector-based siRNAs of multiple targets that synergistically contribute to carcinogenesis, e.g. EGFR and HER2/neu.
BACKGROUND: This study evaluated outcomes among patients with advanced/metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated at Asian centers participating in the global named-patient-use (NPU) program for afatinib. METHODS: Patients had progressed after initial benefit with erlotinib or gefitinib, and/or had an EGFR or HER2 mutation, had no other treatment options, and were ineligible for afatinib trials. The recommended starting dose of afatinib was 50 mg/day. Dose modifications were allowed, and afatinib was continued as long as deemed beneficial. Response and survival information was provided voluntarily. Safety reporting was mandatory. RESULTS: 2242 patients (26% aged >/= 70 years, 96% with adenocarcinoma) received afatinib at centers in 10 Asian countries. Most were heavily pre-treated, including prior treatment with erlotinib or gefitinib. Of 1281 patients tested, 1240 had EGFR mutations (common: 1034/1101; uncommon: 117/1101). There were no new safety signals, the most common adverse events being rash and diarrhea. Objective response rate (ORR) was 24% overall (n = 431 with data available), 27% for patients with common EGFR mutations (n = 230) and 28% for those with uncommon mutations (n = 32); median time to treatment failure (TTF) in these groups was 7.6 months (n = 1550), 6.4 months (n = 692) and 8.4 months (n = 83), respectively. In patients with EGFR exon 20 insertions (n = 23) and HER2 mutations (n = 12), median TTF exceeded 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Patient outcomes in this study were similar to those reported in the analysis of the global NPU. Afatinib achieved clinical benefits in patients with refractory NSCLC. ORR and TTF were similar between patients with tumors harboring uncommon and common EGFR mutations.
Tumor cells transform into endothelial cells by epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, which is characterized by vasculogenic mimicry (VM). VM not only accelerates tumor progression but also increases drug-induced resistance. However, very little is currently known about the molecular determinants that enable VM. Targeting VM might bring a new breakthrough in cancer treatment. Thrombin is the key enzyme of the blood coagulation system and could contribute to tumor progression. Nevertheless, the association between thrombin and VM formation remains largely unknown. We found that VM was associated with the overall survival of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, and that thrombin expression was closely related to VM formation. This research revealed that thrombin induced VM formation via PAR-1-mediated NF-kappaB signaling cascades. The novel thrombin inhibitors r-hirudin and DTIP inhibited VM formation and spontaneous metastases in subcutaneous tumors. Clinical pathological analysis confirmed that NSCLC patients with thrombin-positive/PAR-1-high expression had the poorest prognosis and were the most likely to form VM. The promotional activity of thrombin in VM formation and tumor metastasis was abolished in PAR-1-deficient NSCLC cells. The EGFR inhibitor gefitinib had no effect on VM and increased VEGF expression in tumors. The combination therapy of DTIP and gefitinib achieved a better therapeutic effect than either agent alone. This study is the first to illustrate that thrombin substantially contributes, together with PAR-1, to VM formation and to illustrate that VM might be a target of r-hirudin and DTIP to suppress tumor progression. The anticoagulants r-hirudin and DTIP could be employed for antitumor therapy. Combination therapy with DTIP with an EGFR inhibitor might achieve superior therapeutic effects.
BACKGROUND: New drugs targeting specific genes required for unregulated growth and metastases have improved survival rates for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Resistance to monoclonal antibodies specific for the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has been attributed to the presence of activating point mutations in the proto-oncogene KRAS. The use of EGFR inhibitor monotherapy in patients that have KRAS wild type has produced response rates of only 10-20%. The molecular basis for clinical resistance remains poorly understood. We propose two possible explanations to explain these low response rates; 1) levels of resistant CRC cells carrying mutated KRAS are below the sensitivity of standard direct sequencing modalities (<5%) or 2) the standard practice of analyzing a single area within a heterogeneous tumor is a practice that can overlook areas with mutated KRAS. METHODS: In a collaborative effort with the surgical and molecular pathology departments, 3 formalin fixed paraffin embedded tissue blocks of human CRC were obtained from the human tissue bank maintained by the Lifespan Pathology Department and/or the human tissue bank maintained by the Molecular Pathology Core of the COBRE for Cancer Research Development. The three specimens previously demonstrated KRAS mutations detected by the Applied Biosystems Kit. The Wave system 4500 (high performance ion-pairing liquid chromatography (IP-HPLC)) was utilized to evaluate tissue for the presence of KRAS proto-oncogene mutations at codons 12 and 13. RESULTS: Initially, the sensitivity of WAVE technology was compared with direct sequencing by evaluating a dilutional series. WAVE detected mutant alleles at levels of 2.5% compared to 20% performed with standard direct sequencing. Samples from three patients were evaluated by WAVE technology. Eight samples from patient 1 were analyzed. In two of eight samples, no mutations were detected at concentrations as low as 5%. In one sample a mutation was noted by WAVE and not by direct sequencing. All four samples from patient 2 tested positive for Exon 12/13 mutations. Of the seven samples from patient 3, five were positive for Exon 12/13 mutations and two were negative for Exon 12/13 mutations. CONCLUSION: In these studies the analysis of three patients' colorectal cancer tissues were analyzed utilizing the WAVE technology. Results demonstrated a greater degree of sensitivity in mutation detection when compared to standard sequencing. These studies also demonstrated heterogeneity of expression of KRAS mutations between areas of the tissue samples at a genomic level. The low clinical response rates to EGFR inhibition might be explained by the variation in mutation presence, which was dependent upon the region examined. The heterogeneity demonstrated in these studies provides another phenotypic variant that will impact clinical care.
BACKGROUND: TP53 is a crucial tumor suppressor gene. However, the mutation pattern of TP53 in Chinese patients with breast cancer has not yet been determined. METHODS: A total of 411 untreated patients with invasive breast cancer diagnosed at Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital (GDPH) between June 2017 to September 2018 were recruited into the study. Mutational alterations in TP53 were detected and correlations between TP53 mutations and clinicopathological features analyzed. Comparative analysis of the data in the GDPH cohort with those in the METABRIC cohort were carried out. RESULTS: A significantly higher rate of TP53 mutations was detected in the GDPH cohort (51.3%) compared with the METABRIC cohort (34.4%) (P < 0.01). In the GDPH cohort, 77.8% of the mutations were located in the conserved areas across exons 5-8 of TP53; among these, 112 were identified as missense mutations and mainly clustered in the DNA-binding region. R273C/H (n = 11) and R248Q/W (n = 10) were two of the most common mutation sites of TP53 detected in the cohort of GDPH patients. Logistic regression multivariate analysis showed that histological grade III, ki-67 > = 25%, HR- and Her2+ in breast cancer had higher mutation probability of TP53 (P < 0.001 in the GDPH cohort). Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) model combining molecular typing and Ki-67 was established to predict the mutation of TP53, and the AUC was 0.846. CONCLUSIONS: A significantly higher rate of TP53 mutation was detected in the Chinese cohort compared with the METABRIC. Correlation analysis revealed a significant association of TP53 mutation with HR- and HER2+, higher Ki-67 and histological grade in breast cancer patients.
PURPOSE: To describe a phase II study design to evaluate the activity of novel anti-cancer agents that focuses on molecular pathogenesis rather than tumor histology. METHODS: We propose an enrichment design that enrolls patients across histologies expressing target X and incorporates randomized discontinuation of drug Y after an initial treatment period to evaluate for potential cystostatic activity. RESULTS: We are currently evaluating the activity of lapatinib in patients with HER-2 amplified solid tumors using the target-specific, histology-independent, randomized discontinuation design. Patients receive treatment with lapatinib for an initial 12-week period. After restaging, patients with disease progression are removed from study, patients achieving an objective response continue treatment, and patients with stable disease are randomized to continue lapatinib versus initiate treatment with placebo. The primary endpoints are to evaluate the objective response rate during the initial treatment period and to evaluate the proportion of patients progression-free 12 weeks post-randomization. CONCLUSION: The target-specific, histology-independent, randomized discontinuation design is an attractive alternative to the traditional phase II design for the development of "targeted" therapeutics.
BACKGROUND: We investigated factors affecting mild (MRFD) and severe renal functional deterioration (SRFD) after radical nephrectomy with a special focus on the histopathology of nephrectomized non-neoplastic renal parenchyma. METHODS: MRFD was defined as a postoperative decline of percent estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) lower than the value of the mean minus standard deviation (SD). SRFD was defined as a rate greater than the value of the mean plus SD. The histopathological factors of global glomerulosclerosis (GS) and arteriosclerosis in non-neoplastic renal parenchyma and multiple clinical factors were analyzed to determine whether they affected postoperative renal functional deterioration in 100 renal cell carcinoma cases. The prognoses, including non-cancer mortality, were collected from long-term follow-up data. RESULTS: A higher preoperative eGFR and a higher global GS extent in non-neoplastic renal parenchyma were independently associated with MRFD and SRFD, respectively. The cardiovascular disease-specific survival rates of the SRFD group and the group with global GS extent >14 % were significantly worse than those of their counterparts. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first report to identify global GS extent in nephrectomized non-neoplastic renal parenchyma as a factor affecting the development of life-threatening post-nephrectomy renal functional deterioration. Moreover, we are the first to advocate the importance of the characterization of favorable post-nephrectomy renal functional deterioration. The identification of MRFD and SRFD by histopathological evaluation of nephrectomized non-neoplastic renal parenchyma will contribute to personalized postoperative follow-up. It may improve follow-up of individual patients with SRFD by permitting collaboration with other clinical departments such as cardiology.
PURPOSE: The primary analysis of the ASPECCT study demonstrated that panitumumab was non-inferior to cetuximab for overall survival (OS) in patients with chemotherapy-refractory wild-type KRAS exon 2 metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Here, we report the final analysis results of ASPECCT. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with wild-type KRAS exon 2 mCRC who progressed on or were intolerant to irinotecan- or oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy were randomised to receive panitumumab 6 mg/kg once every 2 weeks or cetuximab (400 mg/m(2)) followed by 250 mg/m(2) weekly. The primary end-point was OS assessed for non-inferiority. Patients were followed for survival for 24 months after the last patient was randomised and a final analysis was conducted. No formal hypothesis testing was done. Post hoc analyses of outcomes by prior bevacizumab exposure, worst-grade skin toxicity (0-1 versus 2-4) and worst-grade hypomagnesaemia (0 versus 1-4) were conducted. RESULTS: Nine hundred ninety-nine patients were randomised and received >/=1 treatment dose (panitumumab, n = 499; cetuximab, n = 500). Median OS was 10.2 months with panitumumab versus 9.9 months with cetuximab (hazard ratio = 0.94; 95% confidence interval = 0.82-1.07). Median progression-free survival was 4.2 months with panitumumab and 4.4 months with cetuximab (hazard ratio = 0.98; 95% confidence interval = 0.87-1.12). Longer OS was observed for patients with increased skin toxicity and with hypomagnesaemia in both arms. Furthermore, OS was longer for patients with prior bevacizumab exposure treated with panitumumab than with cetuximab. The observed safety profiles were consistent with previous studies. CONCLUSION: Consistent with the primary analysis, the final analysis of ASPECCT showed panitumumab was non-inferior to cetuximab for OS for patients with chemotherapy-refractory, wild-type KRAS exon 2 mCRC. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01001377.
Gestational Trophoblastic Neoplasia (GTN) is a term used for a group of malignant gynecological tumors including choriocarcinoma. Low-risk neoplasias can be cured using single agents Methotrexate (MTX) and actinomycin-D (ACD), but in certain cases, decreased responsiveness and serious side effects occur. Therefore, researchers have been attempting to find new treatment modalities. One of the most popular way for increasing cancer patient survival rates is supporting treatment with adjuvant molecules or chemosensitizers. For this purpose, we investigated epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a green tea cathecin, and Erlotinib, an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor, as single agents and combined with MTX or ACD. In accordance with this, JAR (human placenta choriocarcinoma) cell line was used as an in vitro model and MTT, LDH, caspase-3 activation, RT-PCR, and Western Blot analyses were performed to investigate the effects of the test materials. Our studies demonstrate that combination of Erlotinib and EGCG with MTX and ACD decreases JAR cell proliferation and metastatic HER2 protein synthesis and increases caspase-3 activation compared to ACD or MTX alone. In addition, significant increase was observed in the apoptotic Bax gene, but no notable protein synthesis occurred in the Western Blot analysis, which suggests that combination of Erlotinib and EGCG with classical chemotherapeutics ACD or MTX may lead the JAR cells to apoptosis, but not by a mitochondrial pathway. All the results indicate that the synergetic effect of Erlotinib and EGCG with classical chemotherapeutics may help to increase patient survival rates of choriocarcinoma, but the detailed mechanism needs further investigation.
PURPOSE: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is now frequently utilized for earlier stage breast cancer. Historically, removing axillary lymph nodes (LN) has guided treatment decisions and reduced regional recurrence, yet its utility in clinically node-negative (cN0) patients following NAC has yet to be elucidated. This study evaluated the incidence of residual occult pathologic nodal disease after NAC in cN0 breast cancer and associated clinicopathologic risk factors. METHODS: A retrospective study of 249 cN0 patients who received NAC at our institution from 2010-2021 was performed. Clinical and pathologic tumor features were compared between 2 groups: persistent LN- versus LN+ after NAC. RESULTS: The study group comprised 166 patients: 19 (11.4%) had pathologic LNs positive following NAC. Patients with LN+ (n = 19) versus LN- (n = 147) had greater mean clinical tumor size (P < .01), higher clinical T stage (P < .001), invasive lobular cancer (P < .01), lymphovascular invasion (P 0.01), and ER+ HER2- phenotype (P < .01). Conversely, LN- patients more likely had HER2+ tumors (P < .01) and in-breast pathologic complete response (P < .05). Sentinel LN biopsy (SLNB) obtained a mean of 3.8 LNs with 2 (1.2%) patients having >/=ypN2. At 46 months median follow-up, 1 (0.6%) axillary recurrence occurred. CONCLUSIONS: There is a low incidence of both residual occult disease in the axilla and axillary recurrence in cN0 breast cancer patients following NAC. Many of these patients may avoid axillary surgery, or at a maximum, undergo SLNB alone with low concern for axillary recurrence.
FaO rat hepatoma cells show increased levels of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligands, when compared with adult normal hepatocytes, and higher activity of the TNF-alpha converting enzyme (TACE/ADAM17), which is required for EGFR ligand proteolysis and activation. In this work we have analysed the consequences of inhibiting the EGFR in FaO rat hepatoma cells, focusing the attention on autocrine growth and protection from apoptosis. Results have indicated that FaO cells show overactivation of the EGFR pathway, which induces basal growth (in the absence of serum) and protection from pro-apoptotic agents, such as doxorubicin, generating drug resistance. Treatment of cells with the combination of doxorubicin and the tyrphostin 4-(3-chloroanilino)-6,7-dimethoxyquinazoline (AG1478, a potent and specific inhibitor of EGFR tyrosine kinase) potently inhibits autocrine growth and induces apoptosis. The apoptotic effect correlates with high expression and activation of the pro-apoptotic Bax and decreased transcript and protein levels of the anti-apoptotic Mcl-1 and Bcl-x(L). Furthermore, the combination of AG1478 and doxorubicin induces reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and glutathione depletion in FaO cells, coincident with up-regulation of the NADPH oxidase NOX4 and down-regulation of the gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase (gamma-GCS), a key regulatory enzyme of the glutathione synthesis. Incubation of cells with glutathione ethyl ester attenuates the apoptosis induced by the combination of doxorubicin and AG1478, which indicates that glutathione depletion is required for an efficient cell death. In conclusion, targeting EGFR combined with other conventional pro-apoptotic drugs should potentially be effective in antineoplastic therapy towards liver cancer.
There is an increasing demand for the evaluation of HER2 status in breast cancer. In this study, sections from fixed tissues and triton extracts of tissue homogenates were obtained from 163 malignant breast tumors and analyzed in parallel using immunohistochemistry combined with fluorescence in situ hybridization, as gold standard tests, and an ELISA test (c-erbB2/c-neu Rapid Format ELISA, Oncogene Research Products, USA). Tumor DNA was employed to evaluate two quantitative PCR methods: the HER2/neu DNA Quantification Kit (Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Germany), which uses the gastrin chromosome 17 reference gene, and our recently developed Oncolab qPCR assay, where both a chromosome 17 gene (somatostatin receptor type II (SSTR2)) and a non-chromosome 17 reference gene (glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate deshydrogenase (GAPDH)) were used to detect an increase in HER2 gene copy number and to evaluate the aneusomy of chromosome 17, respectively. By IHC/FISH and ELISA, HER2 was overexpressed in 27 (16.6%) and 24 (14.7%) samples, respectively. With the Roche and Oncolab qPCR assays, 29 (17.8%) samples showed a ratio of HER2/gastrin > or = 2.0 and 26 (16.0%) showed a ratio of HER2/SSTR2 > or = 2.0, respectively. In samples presenting HER2/SSTR2 <2.0 and HER2/GAPDH > or = 2.0, which was indicative of a chromosome 17 polysomy, we observed a modest increase in HER2 protein expression. Complete agreement between the four methods for HER2 status determination was obtained for 154 (94.5%) samples. Overall, these results demonstrate that quantitative PCR is a reliable method for analyzing HER2 status and chromosome 17 polysomy.
BACKGROUND: Understanding the ethnic molecular subtype characteristics of breast cancer (BC) in Saudi women is crucial for providing comprehensive prognostic information and optimizing patient outcomes, making it essential to study their distribution and impact on survival. METHODS: This hospital-based cohort study analyzed clinic-pathological data from 1,035 Saudi women diagnosed with invasive BC and followed for 12 years, at King Faisal Specialist Hospital & Research Center. Cancers were classified into four molecular subtypes: luminal A, luminal B, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-enriched, and triple-negative. Survival outcomes were assessed using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS: Luminal A was the most common molecular subtype (41.7%), followed by luminal B (23.4%), triple-negative (19.5%), and HER2-enriched (15.4%). Age at diagnosis, menopause, and tumor grade were significantly associated with subtypes (p < 0.05). Survival outcomes varied significantly (p = 0.0202), with luminal A and B showing the highest 5-year survival rates (~ 83%), triple-negative at 76.4% (hazard ratio: 1.55), and HER2-enriched tumors had the lowest at 69.1%, with a 1.75-fold higher risk of death. Advanced-stage cancers (III and IV) were strongly associated with increased mortality, with hazard ratios of 2.5 and 7.6, respectively, compared to early-stage disease. CONCLUSIONS: Molecular subtypes and stage at diagnosis are key predictors of mortality in Saudi women with BC. The poor outcomes for HER2-enriched and TNBC subtypes highlight the need for timely diagnosis and targeted treatments, emphasizing the importance of personalized care and addressing ethnic variations in BC diagnosis.
Osimertinib, a third-generation inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase, exhibits remarkable efficacy in prolonging the survival of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) carrying EGFR mutations, surpassing the efficacy of first- and second-generation EGFR tyrosine kinases. Nevertheless, the emergence of osimertinib resistance is inevitable, necessitating an investigation into the underlying mechanisms. Increasing evidence has revealed that non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long ncRNAs, and circular RNAs, play a significant role in the development and progression of lung cancer. These ncRNAs regulate essential signaling pathways, offering a novel avenue for understanding the fundamental mechanisms of osimertinib resistance. Recent studies have reported the significant impact of ncRNAs on osimertinib resistance, achieved through various mechanisms that modulate treatment sensitivity. We provide a concise overview of the functions and underlying mechanisms of extensively researched ncRNAs in the development of osimertinib resistance and emphasize their potential clinical application in EGFR-mutated NSCLC resistant to osimertinib. Finally, we discuss the obstacles that must be addressed to effectively translate ncRNA-based approaches into clinical practice.
We aim to summarize data from studies of trastuzumab in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC) and brain metastasis and to describe novel methods being developed to circumvent the blood-brain barrier (BBB). A literature search was conducted to obtain data on the clinical efficacy of trastuzumab and lapatinib in patients with HER2-positive MBC and brain metastasis, as well as the transport of therapeutic molecules across the BBB. Trastuzumab-based therapy is the standard of care for patients with HER2-positive MBC. Post hoc and retrospective analyses show that trastuzumab significantly prolongs overall survival when given after the diagnosis of central nervous system (CNS) metastasis; this is probably attributable to its control of extracranial disease, although trastuzumab may have a direct effect on CNS disease in patients with local or general perturbation of the BBB. In patients without a compromised BBB, trastuzumab is thought to have limited access to the brain, because of its relatively large molecular size. Several approaches are being developed to enhance the delivery of therapeutic agents to the brain. These include physical or pharmacologic disruption of the BBB, direct intracerebral drug delivery, drug manipulation, and coupling drugs to transport vectors. Available data suggest that trastuzumab extends survival in patients with HER2-positive MBC and brain metastasis. Novel methods for delivery of therapeutic agents into the brain could be used in the future to enhance access to the CNS by trastuzumab, thereby improving its efficacy in this setting.
BACKGROUND: Transformation to small cell lung cancer (SCLC) is a resistance mechanism of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant lung adenocarcinoma (LADC) patients treated with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). Here, we describe the clinical characteristics and prognosis of these patients and explore the treatment modes after transformation. METHODS: EGFR-mutant LADC patients with SCLC transformation were retrospectively included in the study. Demographic and clinical data were collected. Survival outcomes and corresponding influential factors were analyzed. RESULTS: Twenty-nine patients were included in the study. The median progression-free survival (PFS) of patients who received first-line EGFR-TKIs was 13.1 months. The median time to SCLC transformation was 27.5 months. After transformation, the objective response rates of patients who received first-line chemotherapy with or without EGFR-TKIs were 43.8% and 37.5%, respectively. The median PFS of patients reveiving chemotherapy with EGFR-TKIs was significantly longer than that of patients receiving chemotherapy without EGFR-TKIs (5.2 vs. 3.0 months; HR, 0.19; 95% CI: 0.05-0.72; p = 0.014). However, there was no significant difference in median overall survival (OS) between patients who received chemotherapy with or without EGFR-TKIs (14.8 vs. 13.0 months; p = 0.474). In the multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis, both anti-angiogenic treatment (HR, 0.04; 95% CI: 0.01-0.29; p = 0.001) and local radiotherapy (HR, 0.28; 95% CI: 0.08-0.97; p = 0.044) were significantly associated with better patient OS after transformation. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with chemotherapy alone, the combination of chemotherapy and EGFR-TKIs as first-line treatment after SCLC transformation can benefit patients in PFS but not in OS. However, anti-angiogenic therapies and local radiotherapy can significantly prolong OS after transformation.
The MYC oncogene is directly involved in the proliferation, metabolism, progression and distant metastasis of breast cancer. Since metastatic spread to the lymph nodes is often the first indication of propensity for metastatic dissemination, the MYC status in nodal disease may represent a decision-making variable. However, the analysis of MYC expression in stromal cells, namely cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs), which are known to play a critical role in cancer progression, remains poorly reported. The aim of this study was to determine the expression of MYC and other markers, including estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), p53, Ki67, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), phosphorylated AKT (p-AKT) and phospho-mammalian target of rapamycin (p-mTOR) by immunohistochemistry in representative samples from 80 patients with ductal infiltrative breast cancer and 43 paired compromised axillary lymph nodes allocated in tissue microarrays (TMAs). The epithelial and stromal components of primary tumors and respective lymph node metastases were separately analyzed. MYC expression (cytoplasmic and nuclear) was a frequent event in the epithelial and stromal components of the primary tumors. The epithelial cells in the nodal metastases exhibited a trend for decreased MYC expression compared to that in the primary tumors (P=0.08) but retained the original status of the primary tumors for all other markers. The stromal cells were uniformly negative for ER, PR, HER2, p53, Ki67 and EGFR. Comparison of the stromas of primary tumors and respective lymph node metastases revealed a reduced frequency of nuclear MYC in 15% of the cases (P=0.003), whereas p-mTOR followed a similar trend (P=0.09). Analyses of the possible correlations among markers revealed that epithelial nuclear MYC was associated with p53 (P=0.048). This is an original study demonstrating a significant proportion of MYC expression (nuclear or cytoplasmic), as well p-mTOR and p-AKT expression, in the epithelial and stromal components of either the primary tumor or the nodal metastases. CAFs expressing MYC may establish an angiogenic microenvironment supporting cancer survival and facilitating colonization at the nodal metastatic site.
BACKGROUND: The efficacy of transbronchial needle aspiration (TBNA) with endobronchial ultrasonography using a guide sheath (EBUS-GS) for cases of peripheral pulmonary lesions (PPLs) has not been well established. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of TBNA with EBUS-GS for PPLs. METHODS: We evaluated 130 patients suspected to have lung cancer who underwent transbronchial brushing (brushing), transbronchial biopsy (TBB), and TBNA with EBUS-GS. The pathological diagnostic yields of TBNA were compared to that of TBB and brushing. The histological diagnosis of TBNA was compared to that of surgical specimens. The results of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene mutation in TBNA samples were compared to that in TBB or surgical specimens. RESULTS: The diagnostic yields of this study were 62.9% for brushing, 80.0% for TBB, and 77.1% for TBNA. Histological diagnosis was 84.8% for TBB and/or TBNA and pathological diagnosis was 86.7% for all the procedures. TBB and TBNA had significance higher than brushing (p < 0.05). TBB and TBNA had a tendency of higher diagnostic yields than brushing if EBUS probe was adjacent to PPLs (p = 0.058). Histological evaluations were obtained from TBNA specimens from 50 of 105 patients (47.6%) and these were identical to those of surgical specimens from 29 of 32 patients (90.6%). The results of EGFR gene mutation in TBNA specimens were identical to the same tissue obtained by surgery or TBB. CONCLUSIONS: TBNA with EBUS-GS for PPLs was a useful tool for accurate diagnosis and EGFR gene mutation analysis. This method may improve diagnostic accuracy and be useful for molecular testing. This study was approved by the institutional review board (Date of approval: May 27, 2013, approval number: 2816) of Tokyo Women's Medical University Hospital.
The optical redox ratio (fluorescence intensity of NADH divided by that of FAD), was acquired for a panel of breast cancer cell lines to investigate how overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) affects tumor cell metabolism, and how tumor metabolism may be altered in response to clinically used HER2-targeted therapies. Confocal fluorescence microscopy was used to acquire NADH and FAD auto-fluorescent images. The optical redox ratio was highest in cells overexpressing HER2 and lowest in triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) cells, which lack HER2, progesterone receptor, and estrogen receptor (ER). The redox ratio in ER-positive/HER2-negative cells was higher than what was seen in TNBC cells, but lower than that in HER2 overexpressing cells. Importantly, inhibition of HER2 using trastuzumab significantly reduced the redox ratio in HER2 overexpressing cells. Furthermore, the combinatorial inhibition of HER2 and ER decreased the redox ratio in ER+/HER2+ breast cancer cells to a greater extent than inhibition of either receptor alone. Interestingly, trastuzumab had little impact upon the redox ratio in a cell line selected for acquired resistance to trastuzumab. Taken together, these data indicate that the optical redox ratio measures changes in tumor metabolism that reflect the oncogenic effects of HER2 activity within the cell, as well as the response of the cell to therapeutic inhibition of HER2. Therefore, optical redox imaging holds the promise of measuring response and resistance to receptor-targeted breast cancer therapies in real time, which could potentially impact clinical decisions and improve patient outcome.
Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are current treatments for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring activating EGFR gene mutations. Histological or cytological samples are the standard tumor materials for EGFR mutation analysis. However, the accessibility of tumor samples is not always possible and satisfactory in advanced NSCLC patients. Moreover, totality of EGFR mutated NSCLC patients will develop resistance to EGFR-TKIs. Repeat biopsies to study genetic evolution as a result of therapy are difficult, invasive and may be confounded by intra-tumor heterogeneity. Thus, exploring accurate and less invasive techniques to (I) diagnosis EGFR mutation if tissue is not available or not appropriate for molecular analysis and to (II) monitor EGFR-TKI treatment are needed. Circulating DNA fragments carrying tumor specific sequence alterations [circulating cell-free tumor DNA (cftDNA)] are found in the cell-free fraction of blood, representing a variable and generally small fraction of the total circulating DNA. cftDNA has a high degree of specificity to detect EGFR gene mutations in NSCLC. Studies have shown the feasibility of using cftDNA to diagnosis of EGFR activating gene mutations and also to monitor tumor dynamics in NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKIs. These evidences suggested that non-invasive techniques based on blood samples had a great potential in EGFR mutated NSCLC patients. In this review, we summarized these non-invasive approaches and relative scientific data now available, considering their possible applications in clinical practice of NSCLC treatment.
Combining standard surgical procedures with personalized chemotherapy and the continuous monitoring of cancer progression is necessary for effective NSCLC treatment. In this study, we developed liposomal nanoparticles as theranostic agents capable of simultaneous therapy for and imaging of target cancer cells. Copper-64 ((64)Cu), with a clinically practical half-life (t(1/2) = 12.7 h) and decay properties, was selected as the radioisotope for molecular PET imaging. An anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (anti-EGFR) antibody was used to achieve target-specific delivery. Simultaneously, the chemotherapeutic agent doxorubicin (Dox) was encapsulated within the liposomes using a pH-gradient method. The conjugates of (64)Cu-labeled and anti-EGFR antibody-conjugated micelles were inserted into the doxorubicin-encapsulating liposomes via a post-insertion procedure ((64)Cu-Dox-immunoliposomes). We evaluated the size and zeta-potential of the liposomes and analyzed target-specific cell binding and cytotoxicity in EGFR-positive cell lines. Then, we analyzed the specific therapeutic effect and PET imaging of the (64)Cu-Dox-immunoliposomes with the A549 xenograft mouse model. In vivo therapeutic experiments on the mouse models demonstrated that the doxorubicin-containing (64)Cu-immunoliposomes effectively inhibited tumor growth. Moreover, the (64)Cu-immunoliposomes provided superior in vivo PET images of the tumors compared to the untargeted liposomes. We suggest that nanoparticles will be the potential platform for cancer treatment as a widely applicable theranostic system.
Inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) is the most lethal and aggressive type of breast cancer, with a strong proclivity to metastasize, and IBC-specific targeted therapies have not yet been developed. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has emerged as an important therapeutic target in IBC. However, the mechanism behind the therapeutic effect of EGFR targeted therapy is not well defined. Here, we report that EGFR regulates the IBC cell population that expresses cancer stem-like cell (CSC) markers through COX-2, a key mediator of inflammation whose expression correlates with worse outcome in IBC. The COX-2 pathway promoted IBC cell migration and invasion and the CSC marker-bearing population in vitro, and the inhibition of this pathway reduced IBC tumor growth in vivo. Mechanistically, we identified Nodal, a member of the TGFbeta superfamily, as a potential driver of COX-2-regulated invasive capacity and the CSC phenotype of IBC cells. Our data indicate that the EGFR pathway regulates the expression of COX-2, which in turn regulates the expression of Nodal and the activation of Nodal signaling. Together, our findings demonstrate a novel connection between the EGFR/COX-2/Nodal signaling axis and CSC regulation in IBC, which has potential implications for new combination approaches with EGFR targeted therapy for patients with IBC.
It is known that there are abnormalities of tight junction functions, cell migration and mitochondrial metabolism in human endometriosis and endometrial carcinoma. In this study, we investigated the effects of growth factors and their inhibitors on the epithelial permeability barrier, cell migration and mitochondrial metabolism in 2D and 2.5D cultures of human endometrioid endometrial carcinoma Sawano cells. We also investigated the changes of bicellular and tricellular tight junction molecules and ciliogenesis induced by these inhibitors. The growth factors TGF-beta and EGF affected the epithelial permeability barrier, cell migration and expression of bicellular and tricellular tight junction molecules in 2D and 2.5D cultures of Sawano cells. EW-7197 (a TGF-beta receptor inhibitor), AG1478 (an EGFR inhibitor) and SP600125 (a JNK inhibitor) affected the epithelial permeability barrier, cell migration and mitochondrial metabolism and prevented the changes induced by TGF-beta and EGF in 2D and 2.5D cultures. EW-7197 and AG1478 induced ciliogenesis in 2.5D cultures. In conclusion, TGF-beta and EGF promoted the malignancy of endometrial cancer via interplay among the epithelial permeability barrier, cell migration and mitochondrial metabolism. EW-7197 and AG1478 may be useful as novel therapeutic treatments options for endometrial cancer.
OBJECTIVES: For many years, creation of an orthotopic neobladder after cystectomy has been popular. In the present study, we measured the extent of metabolic acidosis in patients with ileal neobladders compared with ileal conduits and defined risk factors for development of metabolic acidosis. METHODS: We retrospectively studied 95 patients, who underwent radical cystectomy and urinary diversion to treat invasive bladder cancer from January 2001 to December 2014 at Hallym University Kangnam Sacred Heart Hospital, through investigation of acid-base balance, serum electrolyte levels and renal function one month and one year after operation. RESULTS: One month after the operation, metabolic acidosis was found from 18 patients (31.0%) in an ileal neobladder group and from 4 (14.8%) in an ileal conduits group. One year after the operation, the numbers became 11 (22.9%) and 2 (10.0%), respectively. However, there was not a statistical difference. The blood biochemical profiles of the two groups did not differ significantly after urinary diversion. Logistic analysis revealed that lower estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was associated with metabolic acidosis at one month (odds ratio, OR = 0.94 [0.91-0.97]; p < 0.001) and one year (OR = 0.94 [0.92-0.97]; P = 0.001) after urinary diversion. In multivariate analysis, lower eGFR is a significant risk factor for metabolic acidosis at one month. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with ileal neobladders and conduits are at the similar risk of metabolic acidosis. A close association between renal function and development of metabolic acidosis was observed, especially stronger in an early period after operation.
BACKGROUND: It has been postulated that ionizing radiation induces breast cancers among atomic bomb (A-bomb) survivors. We have reported a higher incidence of HER2 and C-MYC oncogene amplification in breast cancers from A-bomb survivors. The purpose of this study was to clarify the effect of A-bomb radiation exposure on genomic instability (GIN), which is an important hallmark of carcinogenesis, in archival formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissues of breast cancer by using microarray-comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH). METHODS: Tumor DNA was extracted from FFPE tissues of invasive ductal cancers from 15 survivors who were exposed at 1.5 km or less from the hypocenter and 13 calendar year-matched non-exposed patients followed by aCGH analysis using a high-density oligonucleotide microarray. The total length of copy number aberrations (CNA) was used as an indicator of GIN, and correlation with clinicopathological factors were statistically tested. RESULTS: The mean of the derivative log ratio spread (DLRSpread), which estimates the noise by calculating the spread of log ratio differences between consecutive probes for all chromosomes, was 0.54 (range, 0.26 to 1.05). The concordance of results between aCGH and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) for HER2 gene amplification was 88%. The incidence of HER2 amplification and histological grade was significantly higher in the A-bomb survivors than control group (P = 0.04, respectively). The total length of CNA tended to be larger in the A-bomb survivors (P = 0.15). Correlation analysis of CNA and clinicopathological factors revealed that DLRSpread was negatively correlated with that significantly (P = 0.034, r = -0.40). Multivariate analysis with covariance revealed that the exposure to A-bomb was a significant (P = 0.005) independent factor which was associated with larger total length of CNA of breast cancers. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, archival FFPE tissues from A-bomb survivors are useful for genome-wide aCGH analysis. Our results suggested that A-bomb radiation may affect the increased amount of CNA as a hallmark of GIN and, subsequently, be associated with a higher histologic grade in breast cancer found in A-bomb survivors.
BACKGROUND: Honokiol (HON) inhibits epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling and increases the activity of erlotinib, an EGFR inhibitor, in human head and neck cancers. In this study, using a bioinformatics approach and in vitro experiments, we assessed the target genes of HON against breast cancer resistance to tamoxifen (TAM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Microarray data were obtained from GSE67916 and GSE85871 datasets to identify differentially expressed genes (DEGs). DEGs common between HON-treated and TAM-resistant cells were analyzed by Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analyses and protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks were constructed. Selected genes were analyzed for genetic alterations, expression, prognostic value, and receiver operating characteristics (ROC). TAM-resistant MCF-7 (MCF-7 TAM-R) cells were generated and characterized for their resistance toward TAM. A combination of HON and TAM was used for cytotoxicity and gene expression analyses. Molecular docking was performed using the Molecular Operating Environment software. RESULTS: PPI network analysis revealed that FN1, FGFR2, and RET were the top three genes with the highest scores. A genetic alteration study of potential target genes revealed MMP16 and ERBB4 as the genes with the highest alterations among the breast cancer samples. Pathway enrichment analysis of FGFR2, RET, ERBB4, SOX2, FN1, and MMP16 showed that the genetic alterations herein were likely to impact the RTK-Ras pathway. The expression levels of RET, MMP16, and SOX2 were strongly correlated with prognostic power, with areas under the ROC curves (AUC) of 1, 0.8, and 0.8, respectively. The HON and TAM combination increased TAM cytotoxicity in MCF-7 TAM-R cells by regulating the expression of potential target genes ret, ERBB4, SOX2, and FN1, as well as the TAM resistance regulatory genes including HES1, VIM, PCNA, TP53, and CASP7. Molecular docking results indicated that HON tended to bind RET, ErbB4, and the receptor protein Notch1 ankyrin domain more robustly than its native ligand. CONCLUSION: HON could overcome breast cancer resistance to TAM, potentially by targeting FGFR2, RET, ERBB4, MMP16, FN1, and SOX2. However, further studies are required to validate these results.
BACKGROUND: Treatment options for metastatic breast cancer (MBC) refractory to anthracyclines and taxanes are limited. In a phase III trial, eribulin demonstrated a significant improvement in overall survival compared to treatment of physician's choice, but had limited tolerability because of neutropenia and peripheral neuropathy. Based on prior studies of alternative treatment schedules with other therapies, we hypothesized that a low-dose metronomic schedule of eribulin would permit patients to remain on treatment more consistently without treatment delays, resulting in longer time to progression, and improved toxicity profile. METHODS: We conducted a multi-site single arm, phase II trial patients with MBC. All patients were treated with metronomic eribulin (0.9 mg/m(2) administered intravenously on days 1, 8, and 15 of a 28-day cycle.) Treatment was continued until the patient developed disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or chose to stop the study. Patients must have had prior taxane exposure. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival. Secondary end points were overall survival, response rate, and clinical benefit rate. Exploratory biomarkers were performed to analyze change in levels of circulating endothelial cells (CECs), circulating endothelial precursors, and carbonic anhydrase IX (CAIX) with response to therapy. FINDINGS: We consented 86 patients and 59 were evaluable for final analysis. Median age was 59 years; 78% had HER2 negative tumors. The median progression-free survival (PFS) was 3.5 months with overall survival (OS) of 14.3 months. Objective response rate was 15% with clinical benefit rate of 48%. Reported grade 3 neutropenia and peripheral neuropathy were 18% and 5%, respectively. Treatment discontinuation due to toxicity was seen in 3% of patients. INTERPRETATION: Metronomic weekly low-dose eribulin is an active and tolerable regimen with significantly less myelosuppression, alopecia, and peripheral neuropathy than is seen with the approved dose and schedule, allowing longer duration of use and disease control, with similar outcomes compared to the standard dose regimen.
BACKGROUND: Studies have failed to identify characteristics of women who have been diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) and have a high or low risk of subsequent invasive cancer. METHODS: We conducted a nested case-control study in a population-based cohort of 1162 women who were diagnosed with DCIS and treated by lumpectomy alone from 1983 to 1994. We collected clinical characteristics and information on subsequent tumors, defined as invasive breast cancer or DCIS diagnosed in the ipsilateral breast containing the initial DCIS lesion or at a regional or distant site greater than 6 months after initial treatment of DCIS (N = 324). We also conducted standardized pathology reviews and immunohistochemical staining for the estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor, Ki67 antigen, p53, p16, epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (ERBB2, HER2/neu oncoprotein), and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) on the initial paraffin-embedded DCIS tissue. Competing risk models were used to determine factors associated with risk of subsequent invasive cancer vs DCIS, and cumulative incidence survival functions were used to estimate 8-year risk. RESULTS: Factors associated with subsequent invasive cancer differed from those associated with subsequent DCIS. Eight-year risk of subsequent invasive cancer was statistically significantly (P = .018) higher for women with initial DCIS lesions that were detected by palpation or that were p16, COX-2, and Ki67 triple positive (p16(+)COX-2(+)Ki67(+)) (19.6%, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 18.0% to 21.3%) than for women with initial lesions that were detected by mammography and were p16, COX-2, and Ki67 triple negative (p16(-)COX-2(-)Ki67(-)) (4.1%, 95% CI = 3.4% to 5.0%). In a multivariable model, DCIS lesions that were p16(+)COX-2(+)Ki67(+) or those detected by palpation were statistically significantly associated with subsequent invasive cancer, but nuclear grade was not. Eight-year risk of subsequent DCIS was highest for women with DCIS lesions that had disease-free margins of 1 mm or greater combined with either ER(-)ERBB2(+)Ki67(+) or p16(+)COX-2(-)Ki67(+) status (23.6%, 95% CI = 18.1% to 34.0%). CONCLUSION: Biomarkers can identify which women who were initially diagnosed with DCIS are at high or low risk of subsequent invasive cancer, whereas histopathology information cannot.
INTRODUCTION: This multicenter, phase II randomized, non-inferiority study reports from the first prospective two-armed randomized control trial that compared the efficacy, safety, and quality of life (QoL) of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD)-based and epirubicin-based as adjuvant chemotherapy for stage I-II human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer. METHODS: Patients with stage I/II HER2-negative breast cancer received PLD (37.5 mg/m2, Q3W, 5 cycles, LC arm) plus cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m2) or epirubicin (90 mg/m2, Q3W, 4 cycles, EC arm) plus cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m2). Randomization was stratified by lymph node and ER and PR status. The primary endpoint was disease-free survival (DFS), and secondary endpoints were overall survival (OS), safety profiles, and QoL. QoL was assessed using the EORTC-QLQ-C30 and QLQ-BR23 questionnaires. RESULTS: A total of 256 patients were assigned to LC (n = 148) and EC (n = 108). There was no difference in 5-year DFS and OS rate between the two groups. LC-based adjuvant regimens had significantly less alopecia and low-grade 3-4 hematologic adverse events (AEs). Significantly improved QoL was observed in the LC arm during and after treatment for symptoms including fatigue, nausea and vomiting, and systemic therapy side effects. CONCLUSION: Comparable efficacy and safety between adjuvant PLD and epirubicin for stage I-II HER2-negative breast cancer was observed. There was no difference in the 5-year DFS and OS rates between the two treatment arms. However, low-grade 3-4 AEs and a trend of favorable QoL symptom scales were observed in the LC arm, suggesting that PLD-containing regimen could become a new standard treatment for early-stage HER2-negative breast cancer patients.
BACKGROUND: A woman, mother of one at the age of 19 years, was diagnosed with mammary adenocarcinoma in the right breast in 1985 at the age of 37 years. The patient underwent surgery (quadrantectomy), lymphadenectomy and radiotherapy. In 1999, an adenocarcinoma was diagnosed in the left breast, followed by adequate resection, radiotherapy and anti-oestrogen receptor treatment for 6 years. In March 2014, an infiltrating adenocarcinoma was diagnosed in the remaining part of the right breast that had been operated on and irradiated in 1985. CASE REPORT: The pre-surgical biopsy, showed weak positivity for progesterone receptor (PgR) (<1%), high positivity for oestrogen receptor (ER) (90%), high positivity for human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2) (>10%, score 2+), and high positivity for the nuclear protein Ki67 (30%). In the three weeks between diagnosis and operation, when no other treatment had been planned, the patient decided to self-administer high doses of oral vitamin D3 (10,000 IU/day), and to follow a strict ketogenic diet. RESULTS: Following right mastectomy, analysis of the surgical specimen showed no positivity for HER2 expression (negative, score 0), and significant increase in positivity of PgR (20%). Positivity for ER and Ki67 were unaltered. CONCLUSION: This observation indicates that a combination of high-dose vitamin D3 and ketogenic diet leads to changes in some biological markers of breast cancer, i.e. negativization of HER2 expression and increased expression of PgR.
Metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (mTNBC) is a poor prognostic disease with limited treatments and uncertain therapeutic algorithms. We performed a systematic review and multiple Bayesian network meta-analyses according to treatment line to establish an optimal therapeutic sequencing strategy for this lethal disease. We included 125 first-line trials (37,812 patients) and 33 s/further-lines trials (11,321 patients). The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints included overall response rates (ORR), overall survival (OS) and safety, for first and further lines, separately. We also estimated separate treatment rankings for the first and subsequent lines according to each endpoint, based on (surface under the cumulative ranking curve) SUCRA values. No first-line treatment was associated with superior PFS and OS than paclitaxel +/- bevacizumab. Platinum-based polychemotherapies were generally superior in terms of ORR, at the cost of higher toxicity.. PARP-inhibitors in germline-BRCA1/2-mutant patients, and immunotherapy + chemotherapy in PD-L1-positive mTNBC, performed similar to paclitaxel +/- bevacizumab. In PD-L1-positive mTNBC, pembrolizumab + chemotherapy was better than atezolizumab + nab-paclitaxel in terms of OS according to SUCRA values. In second/further-lines, sacituzumab govitecan outperformed all other treatments on all endpoints, followed by PARP-inhibitors in germline-BRCA1/2-mutant tumors. Trastuzumab deruxtecan in HER2-low mTNBC performed similarly and was the best advanced-line treatment in terms of PFS and OS after sacituzumab govitecan, according to SUCRA values. Moreover, comparisons with sacituzumab govitecan, talazoparib and olaparib were not statistically significant. The most effective alternatives or candidates for subsequent lines were represented by nab-paclitaxel (in ORR), capecitabine (in PFS) and eribulin (in PFS and OS).
PURPOSE: Overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is observed in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) and is associated with increased proliferation, metastasis and therapeutic resistance. We aim to develop a novel drug delivery system comprised of a photosensitizer Chlorin e6 (Ce6) that is encapsulated in a viral envelope and tagged with anti-EGFR antibody to target OSCC. METHODS: Ce6 was encapsulated in both virosomes (Ce6-Vir) and virosomes tagged with anti-EGFR antibody (Ce6-Vir-EGFR'). In vitro studies were conducted to assess the cellular uptake and bioavailability of the photosensitizer in OSCC cells. Ce6 alone or in constructs was then administered in a hamster cheek pouch model and fluorescence imaging and spectroscopy was performed. RESULTS: In vitro results showed that the uptake of Ce6-Vir-EGFR' was lower than that for Ce6-Vir and Ce6 possibly due to its large size. Nevertheless, in vivo results showed significant tumor specificity of Ce6-Vir-EGFR' compared to Ce6. The tumor to normal mucosa ratio showed that Ce6-Vir-EGFR' can successfully target OSCC lesions and therefore shows potential for use in fluorescence diagnosis of OSCC. CONCLUSIONS: Both the virosome-Ce6 constructs were internalized by OSCC cells and successfully used for fluorescence imaging. Tagging with anti-EGFR antibody further improved the targeting ability toward OSCC.
INTRODUCTION: Pancreatic cancer is associated with poor prognosis, and limited treatment options are available for the majority of patients. Natural killer (NK) cells in combination with antibodies inducing antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) could be a highly effective new therapeutic option in pancreatic cancer. Accurate predictive preclinical models are needed to develop successful NK cell immunotherapy. Tumor organoids, in vitro 3D organ-like structures that retain important pathophysiological characteristics of the in vivo tumor, may provide such a model. In the current study, we assessed the cytotoxic potential of adoptive NK cells against human pancreatic cancer organoids. We hypothesized that NK cell anti-tumor responses could be enhanced by including ADCC-triggering antibodies. METHODS: We performed cytotoxicity assays with healthy donor-derived IL-2-activated NK cells and pancreatic cancer organoids from four patients. A 3D cytotoxicity assay using live-cell-imaging was developed and enabled real-time assessment of the response. RESULTS: We show that NK cells migrate to and target pancreatic cancer organoids, resulting in an increased organoid death, compared to the no NK cell controls (reaching an average fold change from baseline of 2.1+/-0.8 vs 1.4+/-0.6). After 24-hours of co-culture, organoid 2D growth increased. Organoids from 2 out of 4 patients were sensitive to NK cells, while organoids from the other two patients were relatively resistant, indicating patient-specific heterogeneity among organoid cultures. The ADCC-inducing antibodies avelumab (anti-PD-L1) and trastuzumab (anti-HER2) increased NK cell-induced organoid cell death (reaching an average fold change from baseline of 3.5+/-1.0 and 4.5+/-1.8, respectively). Moreover, combination therapy with avelumab or trastuzumab resulted in complete disintegration of organoids. Finally, inclusion of ADCC-inducing antibodies was able to overcome resistance in NK-organoid combinations with low or no kill. DISCUSSION: These results support the use of organoids as a relevant and personalized model to study the anti-tumor response of NK cells in vitro and the potential of ADCC-inducing antibodies to enhance NK cell effector function.
BACKGROUND: The incidence and mortality of lung cancer are high, and treatment with epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) is the preferred first-line treatment for patients suffering from non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR mutations. However, EGFR-TKI resistance leads to treatment failure. Yifei-Sanjie pill (YFSJ) is a novel type of Chinese patent medicine for lung cancer. The development of YFSJ has progressed for more than 30 years; however, little is known about the molecular mechanisms associated with the inhibition of drug resistance. METHODS: In this study, flow cytometry and transcriptome sequencing were used in vitro to explore the anticancer effect of Yifei-Sanjie pill (YFSJ) on EGFR-TKI-resistant cell lines and to identify potential molecular mechanisms associated with the inhibition of drug resistance. RESULTS: We found that in vitro, YFSJ and YFSJ combined with gefitinib significantly reduced the viability of H1975 and H1650 cells, which is dose-dependent at 24 and 48 h. PI3K, Akt and mTOR were downregulated, while after 24 and 48 h of treatment with YFSJ alone and in combination with gefitinib, LC3A and LC3B were up-regulated in both cell lines. CONCLUSION: YFSJ reduced the viability of EGFR-TKI-resistant cell lines, reducing resistance to gefitinib. This might be caused by a decrease in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway and an increase in autophagy.
BACKGROUND: We have previously developed (11)C-erlotinib as a new positron emission tomography (PET) tracer and shown that it accumulates in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-positive lung cancer xenografts in mice. Here, we present a study in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) investigating the feasibility of (11)C-erlotinib PET as a potential method for the identification of lung tumours accumulating erlotinib. METHODS: Thirteen patients with NSCLC destined for erlotinib treatment were examined by contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT), (11)C-erlotinib PET/low-dose CT and (18)F-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose ((18)F-FDG) PET/low-dose CT before start of the erlotinib treatment. After 12 weeks treatment, they were examined by (18)F-FDG PET/contrast-enhanced CT for the assessment of clinical response. RESULTS: Of the 13 patients included, 4 accumulated (11)C-erlotinib in one or more of their lung tumours or lymph-node metastases. Moreover, (11)C-erlotinib PET/CT identified lesions that were not visible on (18)F-FDG PET/CT. Of the four patients with accumulation of (11)C-erlotinib, one died before follow-up, whereas the other three showed a positive response to erlotinib treatment. Three of the nine patients with no accumulation died before follow-up, four showed progressive disease while two had stable disease after 12 weeks of treatment. CONCLUSION: Our data show a potential for (11)C-erlotinib PET/CT for visualizing NSCLC lung tumours, including lymph nodes not identified by (18)F-FDG PET/CT. Large clinical studies are now needed to explore to which extent pre-treatment (11)C-erlotinib PET/CT can predict erlotinib treatment response.
HER2+ breast cancer is highly aggressive and proliferative even after multiple chemotherapy regimens. At present, the available clinical treatment duration of chemotherapeutic agents is limited by severe toxicity to noncancerous tissues, which are attributed to insufficient targeting. Here, we designed an active-targeted and pH-responsive liposome to improve the treatment. The ideas were as follows: (1) using liposome as a nano-delivery system for HER2 inhibitor (lapatinib; LAP) to reduce the toxicity; (2) modifying the capsule with T7 peptide for specific targeted delivery to the tumor cells, and (3) enabling the capsule with the pH-sensitive ability and triggering sustained drug release at extracellular weakly acidic microenvironment to emerge toxicity in tumors and to improve curative effects. It was found that T7 peptide-modified pH-sensitive liposome (T7-LP) was more effective and safer than free drug and unmodified liposome, and reduced drug-induced side effects and noncancerous toxicity. These results support the application potential of T7-LP in improving the efficacy of LAP in HER2+ breast cancer treatment. It might be a novel LAP formulation as a clinical agent.
Metastasis to the central nervous system (CNS) is a devastating neurological complication of systemic cancer. Brain metastases from breast cancer have been documented to occur in approximately 10%-16% of cases over the natural course of the disease with leptomeningeal metastases occurring in approximately 2%-5% of cases of breast cancer. CNS metastases among women with breast cancer tend to occur among those who are younger, have larger tumors, and have a more aggressive histological subtype such as the triple negative and HER2-positive subtypes. Treatment of CNS metastases involves various combinations of whole brain radiation therapy, surgery, stereotactic radiosurgery, and chemotherapy. We will discuss the progress made in the treatment and prevention of breast cancer-associated CNS metastases and will delve into the biological underpinnings of CNS metastases including evaluating the role of breast tumor subtype on the incidence, natural history, prognostic outcome, and impact of therapeutic efficacy.
In experimental settings, maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase (MELK), an apical member of the snf1/AMPK serine-threonine kinases family, plays a role in tumor growth. We investigated the clinical relevance of MELK expression by performing silico analyses of 7,135 breast cancer patients using multiple independent large cohorts. In triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) found that elevated MELK expression significantly correlates with Nottingham histologic grade and tumor growth according to American Joint Committee Cancer (AJCC) stage. High MELK tumor enriched cell proliferation-related gene sets as well as DNA repair, unfolded protein response, and MTORC signaling gene sets. In two independent cohorts a high mutation rate and worse survival was significantly associated with high MELK tumor. In immune-related gene sets including, allograft rejection, interferon (IFN)-alpha response, and IFN-gamma response, high MELK tumor significantly enriched. Pro-cancer regulatory T cells, T helper type 2 cells and anti-cancer immune cells including CD4(+) memory T cells, T helper type1 cells, CD8(+) T cells, M1 macrophages, gamma-delta T cells, and dendritic cells with high levels of cytolytic activity (CYT) were highly infiltrated. MELK expression did not correlate with the responses to any of the drugs tested in cell lines. However, pathologic complete response was significantly associated with high MELK following NAC in both TNBC and ER-positive plus HER2-negative breast cancer. In conclusion, cell proliferation, immune response, and NAC breast cancer response was associated with MELK expression.
Glioma is the most common primary tumor of the nervous system, and approximately 50% of patients exhibit the most aggressive form of the cancer, glioblastoma. The biological function of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in tumorigenesis and progression has been established in various types of cancers, since it is overexpressed, mutated, or dysregulated. Its overexpression has been shown to be associated with enhanced metastatic potential in glioblastoma, with EGFR at the top of a downstream signaling cascade that controls basic functional properties of glioblastoma cells such as survival, cell proliferation, and migration. Thus, EGFR is considered as an important therapeutic target in glioblastoma. Many anti-EGFR therapies have been investigated both in vivo and in vitro, making their way to clinical studies. However, in clinical trials, the potential efficacy of anti-EGFR therapies is low, primarily because of chemoresistance. Currently, a range of epigenetic drugs including histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors, DNA methylation and histone inhibitors, microRNA, and different types of EGFR inhibitor molecules are being actively investigated in glioblastoma patients as therapeutic strategies. Here, we describe recent knowledge on the signaling pathways mediated by EGFR/EGFR variant III (EGFRvIII) with regard to current therapeutic strategies to target EGFR/EGFRvIII amplified glioblastoma.
Although the advent of molecular-targeted drugs has improved the prognosis of various cancers, the long-term prognosis and side effects as the first-line therapy for metastatic choroidal tumors remain unclear. We describe a case in which the first-line therapy of osimertinib has shown long-term successful and minimum side effect responses for metastatic choroidal tumors in a patient with advanced-stage lung cancer. The patient was a 62-year-old man who complained of foggy vision and visual field defects in his left eye for 1 month. When he visited his local doctor, a serous retinal detachment was noted in the left eye, and he was referred to our hospital for further examination. The patient had no history of systemic disease. A fundus examination of his left eye showed a slightly elevated choroidal lesion along with the superior retinal vascular arcade. Optical coherence tomography showed a serous retinal detachment around the lesion. Fluorescein angiography showed that the site of the lesion had spotty and mottled hyperfluorescence in the early phase and ring hypofluorescence in the late phase. We suspected a metastatic choroidal tumor and performed a whole-body computed tomography scan, which indicated lung cancer and metastasis to the left iliac bone. The patient was referred to the department of respiratory medicine of our hospital, and after a thorough examination, a diagnosis of lung adenocarcinoma (stage IV-B, epidermal growth factor receptor [EGFR] gene mutation positive) was made. Treatment with osimertinib was initiated, and shrinkage of the primary tumor was observed. The elevated choroidal lesion and serous retinal detachment resolved after 2 months of treatment, and no recurrence was observed during the 20 months of treatment. The use of osimertinib as primary treatment for EGFR mutation-positive lung cancer was found to significantly reduce the size of metastatic choroidal tumors and to have a relatively long-lasting antitumor effect without serious ocular complications.
AIMS: The LUMINA trial demonstrated a very low local recurrence rate in women >/=55 years with low-risk luminal A breast cancer (defined as grade I-II, T1N0, hormone receptor positive, HER2 negative and Ki67 index </=13.25%) treated with breast-conserving surgery and endocrine therapy (but no other systemic therapy), supporting the safe omission of radiation in these women. Here we describe the protocol for Ki67 assessment, the companion diagnostic used to guide omission of adjuvant radiotherapy. METHODS: Ki67 immunohistochemistry was performed on full-face sections at one of three regional labs. Pathologists trained in the International Ki67 in Breast Cancer Working Group (IKWG) method demarcated tumour areas on scanned slides and scored 100 nuclei from each of at least five randomly selected 1-mm fields. For cases with high Ki67 heterogeneity, further virtual cores were selected and scored in order to confidently assign a case as luminal A (</=13.25%) or B (>13.25%). Interlaboratory variability was assessed through an annual quality assurance programme during the study period. RESULTS: From the quality assurance programme, the mean Ki67 index across all cases/labs was 13%. The observed intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and kappa statistics were >/=0.9 and >/=0.7, respectively, indicating a substantial level of agreement. Median scoring time was 4 min per case. The IKWG-recommended scoring method, performed directly from slides, requiring up to four scored fields, is concordant with the LUMINA scoring method (ICC >/= 0.9). CONCLUSION: Ki67 is a practical, reproducible, and inexpensive biomarker that can identify low-risk luminal A breast cancers as potential candidates for radiation de-escalation. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01791829.
Enhanced cell motility is one of the primary features of cancer. Accumulated evidence demonstrates that Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) mediated pathways play an important role in breast cancer cell proliferation and migration. We have quantified the MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell migration in response to the stimulation of EGFR pathways with their ligand EGF to determine how the cell motility of MDA-MB-231 cells depends on the ligand concentration and gradient. Analysis at the single cell level combined with mathematical modeling and the ability to vary the ligand concentration and gradients locally using microfluidic devices allowed us to separate the unique contributions of ligand concentration and ligand gradient to cell motility. We tracked the motility of 6600 cells individually using time lapse imaging under varying EGF stimulation conditions. Trajectory analysis of the tracked cells using non-linear multivariate regression models showed that: (i) cell migration of MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells depends on the ligand gradient but not on the ligand concentration. This observation was valid for both the total (direction independent) and directed (along gradient direction) cell velocities. Although the dependence of the directed motility on ligand gradient is to be expected, the dependence of the total velocity solely on ligand gradient was an unexpected novel observation. (ii) Enhancement of the motilities of individual cells in a population upon exposure to the ligand was highly heterogeneous, and only a very small percentage of cells responded strongly to the external stimuli. Separating out the non-responding cells using quantitative analysis of individual cell motilities enabled us to establish that enhanced motility of the responding cells indeed increases monotonically with increasing EGF gradient. (iii) A large proportion of cells in a population were unresponsive to ligand stimulation, and their presence introduced considerable random intrinsic variability to the observations. This indicated that studying cell motilities at the individual cell level is necessary to better capture the biological reality and that population averaging methods should be avoided. Studying motilities at the individual cell level is particularly important to understand the biological processes that are possibly driven by the action of a small portion of cells in a population, such as metastasis. We discuss the implications of our results on the total and chemotactic movement of cancer cells in the tumor microenvironment.
Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most common and aggressive brain cancer in adults. The standard treatment is brutal and has changed little in 20 years, and more than 85% of patients will die within two years of their diagnosis. There is thus an urgent need to identify new drug targets and develop novel therapeutic strategies to increase survival and improve quality of life. Using publicly available genomics, transcriptomics and proteomics datasets, we compared the expression of endosomal recycling pathway regulators in non-tumour brain tissue with their expression in GBM. We found that key regulators of this pathway are dysregulated in GBM and their expression levels can be linked to survival outcomes. Further analysis of the differentially expressed endosomal recycling regulators allowed us to generate an 8-gene prognostic signature that can distinguish low-risk from high-risk GBM and potentially identify tumours that may benefit from treatment with endosomal recycling inhibitors. This study presents the first systematic analysis of the endosomal recycling pathway in glioblastoma and suggests it could be a promising target for the development of novel therapies and therapeutic strategies to improve outcomes for patients.
OBJECTIVE: Leptomeningeal metastasis (LM) secondary to non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a devastating complication associated with poor prognosis. Diagnosis and assessment of responses in LM have been challenging due to limitation of traditional imaging tools and lack of standard evaluation criteria until very recently. To bridge this gap, we conducted the first prospective, observational study in cytologically diagnosed NSCLC-LM patients (NCT02803619). PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 49 NSCLC-LM patients were enrolled. LM responses were evaluated with a composite endpoint integrating neurological symptoms, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) parameters and central nervous system (CNS) imaging. Primary outcome was overall survival (OS) after diagnosis of LM. Exploratory endpoint was the association between OS and prognostic factors. Primary tumor and CSF samples were collected for biomarker analysis. RESULTS: 93.9% of the cohort carried oncogenic drivers, and 85.7% harbored EGFR activating mutations. Median OS since LM diagnosis of the overall population was 9.7 months. EGFR mutant LM patients had a longer survival compared with wildtype ones. LM clinical responses assessed by the composite endpoint showed significant correlation with OS. Status of EGFR activating mutations was highly concordant between primary tumor and CSF. T790 M occurrence in CNS lesions was relatively rare and associated with intracranial exposure level of EGFR-TKIs. CONCLUSION: Our results supported the composite endpoint for objective response evaluation of LM was valid, suggested LM outweighed peripheral lesions on the impact to patient survival, and emphasized the urge and promise of development of CNS-penetrant targeted therapies to improve clinical outcome of NSCLC-LM patients.
BACKGROUND: With the development and wide application of next-generation sequencing (NGS), multiple-gene mutations related to lung cancer are detected using this technology. Notably, even multigene concomitant mutations (co-mutations), which occur at a relatively low incidence, can be detected more effectively using NGS. It is well-known that the percentages of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the elderly lung cancer population are also gradually increasing, while its prognosis is hard and the quality of long-term survival is poor. This study aimed at investigating the common clinicopathologic features of multigene co-mutations for better evaluating the prognosis of elderly NSCLC patients. METHODS: A total of 464 NSCLC patients were divided into 3 groups according to the types of gene mutation, whose clinical data were retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: In total, 38.36% (178/464) of NSCLC patients were in the nonmutation group, 50% in the single-gene mutation group, and 11.64% in the multigene co-mutation group. Nonmutation, single-gene mutation, and co-mutation groups were all prone to occur in male adenocarcinoma patients (P < .05). EGFR gene mutation rates were the highest in the single-gene mutation and co-mutation groups (54.31% and 24.35%). In the co-mutation group, the incidence of EGFR/PIK3CA, LK/KRAS, and EGFR/MET co-mutations was the highest (16.67%, 11.11%, and 7.41%). ALK/HER2/MET, EGFR/HER2/MET, and EGFR/HER2/MET/ROS1 multiple-gene co-mutations were, respectively, found in 1 case, and the multigene co-mutation patients commonly had a worse median progression-free survival (PFS) than that of single-gene mutation (7.13 vs 12.34 months, P = .013). CONCLUSION: With the application of NGS, the detectable rates of gene co-mutation are increasingly high in elderly patients with NSCLC, which mainly occurs in male adenocarcinoma patients commonly with poor PFS. It will be critically necessary to conduct multigene detections by NGS for directing targeted therapy of elderly NSCLC patients.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the ability of dual mTORc1/c2 inhibitors in conjunction with lapatinib to function in a synergistic manner to inhibit cell proliferation and anchorage-independent growth in bladder cancer cell lines. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined patient tumor samples for overexpression of pS6, p4EBP1, pAkt, and phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor (pEGFR) using a tissue microarray containing 84 cases. Three bladder cancer cell lines, T24, HT1376, and UM-UC-3, were analyzed for cell proliferation after treatment with mTORc1/c2 inhibitors OSI-027 or PP242. Western blots were used to verify that the drugs were inhibiting phosphorylation of target proteins within the mTOR pathway, and they were compared with rapamycin inhibition. We also analyzed cell proliferation and anchorage-independent growth after treatment with OSI-027 and lapatinib in combination. PARP cleavage and autophagic flux were measured by examining levels of LC3B and p62 by western blotting. RESULTS: Tumor samples show increased expression of pEGFR (38% vs. 8%) and HER2 (38% vs. 4%) and decreased expression of pAkt S473 (7.5% vs. 29%) and pAkt T308 (50% vs. 84%) relative to normal tissue. Significant differences between normal and tumor samples for staining with pEGFR (P = 0.0188), HER 2 (P = 0.0017), pATK S473 (P = 0.0128), and pAkt T308 (P = 0.0015) is observed. Expression of proteins within the EGFR/HER2 pathway or within the mTOR pathway is correlated. No correlation was found between staining and tumor stage. OSI-027 and PP242 diminish cell proliferation in all 3 cell lines with IC50 values ranging from 0.63 to 17.95microM. Both drugs inhibit phosphorylation of both mTORc1 and mTORc2 pathway components. OSI-027 and lapatinib inhibit cell proliferation and anchorage-independent growth in a synergistic manner. One cell line exhibited apoptosis in response to combination drug treatment, whereas the other 2 cell lines have increased levels of autophagy indicative of resistance to apoptosis. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of OSI-027 and lapatinib results in antitumor synergy and further exploration of this combination should be undertaken.
Background: Anti-EGFR mAb are recommended treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Accurate mutation profiling and disease monitoring are challenging. The current study investigates the potential use of transrenal DNA as a biomarker for disease management. Methods: Agreement between archival tissue specimens and transrenal DNA extracted from 200 post-treated mCRC patients was determined. Total DNA concentrations were measured and mutations within the KRAS and EGFR genes were profiled for each specimen. To ascertain therapy resistance; patients were serially monitored monthly. Results: Concordance measurement with matched tissues at baseline was remarkably high (92%) for EGFR and KRAS mutations. Sensitivity and specificity were 98.4% and 89.1% respectively. Newly detectable mutations for a subgroup of patients with initial wildtype characteristics were evident after 4 months of anti-EGFR mAb therapy. Survival analysis using adjusted estimates showed that patients detected by transrenal DNA for key mutations or had higher mutant DNA content had poorer outcome. Conclusion: Transrenal DNA offers new options to follow clinical treatment in mCRC. It demonstrates the ability to capture newly acquired mutations that has strong associative links to therapy resistance. Patients with these mutations fared poorly for survival outcomes and indicated possible prognostic value for transrenal DNA detection.
It is well established that autocrine growth of human prostate cancer cell line DU145 is dependent on TGF (EGF)/EGFR loop. However, the participation of several other growth factors in proliferation of DU145 cells has been also proposed. We employed two selective tyrosine kinase inhibitors (tyrphostins): AG1024 (an IGFIR inhibitor) and SU1498 (a VEGFR2 inhibitor) for growth regulation of DU145 cells, cultured in chemically defined DMEM/F12 medium. Both the tested compounds inhibited autocrine growth of DU145 cells at similar concentration values (IC50 approximately 2.5 microM). The tyrphostins arrested cell growth of DU145 in G1 phase, similarly as inhibitors of EGFR. However, in contrast to selective inhibitors of EGFR, neither AG1024, nor SU1498 (at concentration < or =10 microM) decreased the viability of the investigated cells. These results strongly suggest that autocrine growth of DU145 cells is stimulated by, at least, three autocrine loops: TGFalpha(EGF)/EGFR, IGFII/IGFIr and VEGF/VEGFR2(VEGFR1). These data support the hypothesis of multi-loops growth regulation of metastatic prostate cancer cell lines.
We previously found that galectin-3 enhanced DLD-1 cell migration through the K-Ras-Raf-Erk1/2 pathway, but the effect of extracellular galectin-3 on cancer cell migration and its interaction with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) remained unknown. We aimed to determine the effect of extracellular galectin-3 on colon cancer cell migration and its correlation with the EGFR expression. Western blotting was performed to analyze galectin-3 secretion, shRNA was used to stably knock down galectin-3 expression and a migration assay was performed to evaluate colon cancer cell migration. Tissues from eighty patients with four different stages of colon cancer were obtained and compared to normal colon tissue. The galectin-3 knockdown colon cancer cells exhibited decreased migration, which was restored by recombinant galectin-3. An EGFR blocking antibody decreased colon cancer cell migration. The addition of recombinant galectin-3 increased phosphorylated EGFR expression within minutes and enhanced the internalization of the EGFR from the cell membrane to the cytoplasm, particularly upon EGF stimulation. Extracellular galectin-3 increased colon cancer cell migration, which correlated with the EGFR. Targeting galectin-3 may have a synergistic effect on EGFR-targeted therapy.
OBJECTIVE: The HER2 receptor is involved in pathways essential for cell proliferation, and is an important predictive and prognostic factor in breast cancer. HER2 probably plays a critical role in many types of cancer, including urothelial carcinoma of the bladder (UCB). Stage T1 UCB exhibits heterogeneous clinical behaviour, and the frequency of HER2 expression in such disease has not been thoroughly examined. The aim of this study was to use an immunohistochemical technique to evaluate the frequency of HER2 expression in a defined population-based cohort of patients registered as having primary stage T1 UCB. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The initial study population comprised 285 patients registered as having primary stage T1 UCB. The original histological specimens were re-evaluated with regard to T stage and World Health Organization grade. Hospital records provided information on tumour size, multiplicity, possible presence of histologically proven recurrence and progression. The patients were followed for at least 5 years or until death. In tumours still considered stage T1 after re-evaluation, HER2 was investigated by immunohistochemistry of paraffin-embedded material and scored according to the guidelines used in breast cancer. RESULTS: After histopathological re-evaluation, 201 patients were still T1 UCB and could be investigated regarding HER2 expression. HER2 overexpression was observed in 25 of those patients (12.4%). HER2 status was not significantly associated with recurrence or progression. CONCLUSIONS: HER2 was overexpressed in 12.4% of the present cohort of patients with primary stage T1 UCB. There was no significant association between tumour HER2 status and prognosis.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: With the increasing use of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR TKI) in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), its acquired resistance has become a major clinical problem. Recent studies revealed that miR-21 was involved into the resistance of cytotoxic agents. The aim of this study was to investigate its role in the acquired resistance of NSCLC to EGFR-TKI. METHODS: EGFR-TKI-sensitive human lung adenocarcinoma cell line PC9 and the acquired resistant cell line, PC9R, were used. Lentiviral vectors were used to infect PC9 or PC9R to regulate the miR-21 expression. The expression of targeted proteins PTEN and PDCD4 was controlled by RNA interference. MicroRNA array, RT-PCR and TaqMan MicroRNA Assays were used to detect miR-21 expression. The MTT and Annexin V assays were used to determine proliferation and apoptosis. Western Blot and immunohistochemistry were used to analyze target protein expression (PTEN, PDCD4, Akt, p-Akt). We also constructed PC9R xenograft tumor model to observe the relationship between miR-21 and EGFR-TKI resistance in vivo and validated it in the clinical serum specimens of NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKI. RESULT: MiR-21 was overexpressed in the EGFR-TKI resistant cell line PC9R relative to PC9. The level of miR-21 was reversely correlated with the expression of PTEN and PDCD4 and positive correlated with PI3K/Akt pathway. Inhibiting miR-21 with lentivirus vector induces apoptosis in PC9R cell line and inhibiting miR-21with ASO suppressed tumor growth in nude mice treated with EGFR-TKI. Furthermore, serum miR-21 expression in NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKI was significantly higher at the time of acquiring resistance than at baseline (p<0.01). CONCLUSION: miR-21 is involved in acquired resistance of EGFR-TKI in NSCLC, which is mediated by down-regulating PTEN and PDCD4 and activating PI3K/Akt pathway.
OBJECTIVE: Immunohistochemistry (IHC) and Fluorescent In Situ Hybridization (FISH) are important technologies to examine the protein expression and gene amplification of human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2/neu (HER-2/neu), respectively, in breast cancer tumors; however, tumor samples are not always available for examination. Therefore, an easy and sensitive examination to detect HER2-overexpressed tumors should be developed. The extracellular domain of HER-2/neu protein (HER2ECD) has been reported to be observed in the serum of many patients with metastatic breast cancer. In this study we assessed the clinical usefulness of serum HER2ECD (sHER2ECD) as a biological marker in breast cancer. METHOD: We measured sHER2ECD levels in 108 patients with breast cancer using the ADVIA Centaur assay system, and conventional tumor markers, i.e. CEA and CA15-3, using enzyme or chemiluminescent immunoassay. The sHER2ECD levels were compared with the levels of tumor markers and clinical characteristics. RESULTS: Patients with primary breast cancer who had four or more lymph nodes involved (n=6) showed significantly higher sHER2ECD values than those with no nodes involved (n=57, p<0.05) and those with 1 to 3 nodes involved (n=15, p<0.01). In the IHC-positive group, the positive rate of sHER2ECD was higher than those of CA15-3 or CEA. In metastatic breast cancer, the combination of sHER2ECD and CA15-3 showed the highest positive rate (81.5%). In all 3 patients with HER2-overexpressed cancer showing a partial response (PR) or complete response (CR) to trastuzumab therapy, sHER2ECD levels declined after treatment (39.9 to 58.7%). CONCLUSION: The sHER2ECD assay by the CLIA method may be useful for the diagnosis and monitoring of metastatic/recurrent breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence has shown the effectiveness of surgery for stage IV non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Present study aims to summarize the experience of our institution in dealing with advanced NSCLC in the context of multimodality therapy including lung surgery. METHODS: Patients underwent surgical resection for stage IV NSCLC diagnosed before or during surgery from January 2014 to June 2017 at Tangdu Hospital were included in this study. RESULTS: There were 88 stage IV NSCLC patients enrolled in this study. Among them, 35 patients with pleural metastases, 18 with brain oligometastases, 25 with extra-brain oligometastases and 10 with multiple metastatic sites or organs. For primary lung tumor, almost all (86/88) were resected with R0. For metastatic lesions, 53 patients received curative local treatment and 9 patients with partial treatment. There were 62 patients received adjuvant treatment, 10 patients received no adjuvant treatment and 16 patients with missing data of adjuvant treatment. The median overall survival of patients was 31.72 months. The estimated 3-year OS was 42.2%. Patients with pleural metastases and brain oligometastases got better outcomes than the ones with extra-brain oligometastases and multiple metastases (P<0.001). Patients with adjuvant epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) treatment had significantly better OS compared with those with adjuvant chemotherapy treatment (P=0.015). Besides, age <60 and cT1-2 were also associated with better survival. CONCLUSIONS: Surgery may be a considerable choice for stage IV NSCLC in the context of multimodality therapy.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a validated therapeutic target for RAS/RAF wild-type colorectal cancer (CRC). However, monoclonal antibody-based anti-EGFR therapies such as cetuximab have limited effectiveness. Herein, it is identified that EGFR internalization is associated with poor treatment response and prognosis in patients with CRC, based on a retrospective analysis of patients treated with cetuximab. It is further demonstrated that the endocytosis inhibitor prochlorperazine (PCZ) can move EGFR, which is hidden inside the cell, to the cell surface to improve therapeutic antibody binding. Thus, a thermosensitive hydrogel co-loaded with cetuximab and PCZ (Gel@Cmab/PCZ) is constructed for sustained inhibition of endocytosis and effective cetuximab delivery. Peritumoral injection of Gel@Cmab/PCZ shows strong antitumor efficacy in subcutaneous and orthotopic CRC tumor models and completely abrogated liver metastasis when combined with chemotherapy. In a humanized patient-derived xenograft model, a single injection of Gel@Cmab/PCZ with one-third of the conventional cetuximab dose achieved 91% tumor growth inhibition, which promoted NK cell infiltration into tumor tissues and their antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity effect. This study represents a novel strategy to boost the monoclonal antibody-mediated anti-tumor response in CRC.
BACKGROUND: Although intratumoral heterogeneity is commonly observed in several cancers, few studies have shown its presence in EGFR-mutated lung cancer. We performed immunohistochemistry to analyze the intratumoral heterogeneity in EGFR-mutated (L858R) lung cancer and performed targeted sequencing in specific cases. We discuss the effects of intratumoral heterogeneity and acquired resistance to EGFR-TKI. METHODS: Twenty resected primary lung cancers known to harbor EGFR L858R were analyzed. IHC was performed using an L858R mutant-specific rabbit monoclonal antibody and the samples were scored by staining intensity (0-3) and proportion. For cases with heterogeneous L858R protein expression, the nucleic acids were extracted from each differently stained lesion, and targeted sequencing was performed. Single nucleotide variations (SNVs) and copy number variations (CNVs) were then analyzed. The cell proliferation and apoptosis were also evaluated by the ki-67 labeling index and TUNEL staining. RESULTS: Among 20 cases, 3 showed heterogeneous staining. Genetic analyses for cases with heterogeneous staining revealed an increase in the copy number of EGFR in the IHC-positive part compared to the negative part, and an increase in the copy number of CCNE1 was observed in the IHC-positive part compared to the negative part in one case (case 1). In another case (case 2), an increase in the copy number of EGFR was observed in the IHC-positive part compared to the negative part, and an increase in the copy number of MDM2 was observed in the IHC-positive part compared to the negative part. In three cases, no SNV changes were observed. An increase in the ki-67 labeling index in the L858R-positive part in case 1 and increased apoptosis in the L858R-positive part in case 2 were observed, suggesting the functional significance of CNV changes. CONCLUSION: These cases exhibiting L858R IHC intratumoral heterogeneity suggest a heterogeneous effect on the cell activity due to CNV heterogeneity.
Stimuli response or controlled release is a new research hotspot in nanomedicine; however, there is scarce research on organic nanomedicines with stimuli responses, which limits their practical biological applications. In addition, homoharringtonine (HHT) has been used as an effective anticancer agent, but reducing its toxicity and side effects is an urgent problem to be solved. Herein, an EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) aptamer-modified HHT-loaded PLGA-SS-PEG nanomedicine was developed. The nanomaterial possesses spherical morphology and admirable biocompatibility. After targeted endocytosis in tumour cells via the selective recognition between EGFR and its aptamer, the PLGA nanomedicine is triggered by a high GSH level and releases its cargo in lung cancer cells. The in vitro and in vivo results reveal that the PLGA nanomedicine not only inhibited the proliferation and promoted the apoptosis of lung cancer cells, but also possessed better therapeutic efficacy and less toxic side effects compared with the free anticancer agent. Consequently, this study provides a novel approach to construct a biodegradable nanomedicine with targeted recognition and stimuli response. Moreover, it inhibited the proliferation of lung cancer cells with high efficiency and low toxicity. Importantly, the PLGA nanomedicine demonstrates encouraging potential as a multifunctional nano-system applicable for cancer therapy.
A novel series of 4, 6-disubstituted pyrimidines derivatives were designed, synthesized, and evaluated as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors for non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC). 4, 6-disubstituted pyrimidines as core structure was utilized to substitute the lead structure AZD3759 of the quinazoline basic skeleton via an approach involving scaffold hopping. It was found that compound Yfq07 exhibited the best inhibitory effect compared with AZD3759 in vitro and in vivo: Yfq07 exhibited a competitive ATP inhibitory effect, multiple target effects, and further featured a stronger activity against H3255, A431, HCC827, PC-9 and H1975 compared to AZD3759. Moreover, a stronger pro-apoptotic effect, inhibition of cell G2/M phase on A431, H3255, HCC827 and H1975 could also be observed. In this study, the ultimate goal was changing the core structure to improve other epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) properties while retaining the overall potency. Yfq07 was further explored as an effective 4, 6-pyrimidine anticancer agent for the treatment of human NSCLC.
Cervical cancer is a major human papillomavirus-related disease and is the fourth leading cause of death by cancer among women. Plants are an important source of anticancer compounds and many of them are currently used in the treatment of cancer. Several reports suggest the efficacy of plant-derived compounds increases when used in combination. This study was carried out to evaluate the effect of four plant-derived compounds such as curcumin (C), ellagic acid (E), quercetin (Q), and resveratrol (R) when used alone or in combinations using HeLa cervical cancer cells. All four phytocompounds showed effective cytotoxic activities in targeting HeLa cervical cancer cells as determined by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium assay. The selected phytocompound combinations C + E, C + Q, and Q + R work synergistically while the combination C + R shows additive effects. All four phytocompounds reduce cell migration as determined by in vitro wound-healing assay. The expression level of the epidermal growth factor receptor is significantly downregulated both in individual and combination. The flow cytometry analysis of cell cycle indicates that individual drugs curcumin, ellagic acid, quercetin, and resveratrol, each with 20 microM effectively arrested cell cycle at the S-phase while the combination of drugs (10 + 10 microM) at the G2/M phase.
Introduction. Breast cancer with mammographic casting type calcifications, high grade DCIS with an abnormal number of ducts, periductal desmoplastic reaction, lymphocyte infiltration, and tenascin-C (TN-C) overexpression has been proposed to represent a more aggressive form of breast cancer and has been denominated as breast cancer with neoductgenesis. We developed histopathological criteria for neoductgenesis in order to study reproducibility and correlation with other tumour markers. Methods. 74 cases of grades 2 and 3 DCIS, with or without an invasive component, were selected. A combined score of the degree(s) of concentration of ducts, lymphocyte infiltration, and periductal fibrosis was used to classify cases as showing neoductgenesis, or not. Diagnostic reproducibility, correlation with tumour markers, and mammographic features were studied. Results. Twenty-three of 74 cases were diagnosed with neoductgenesis. The kappa value between pathologists showed moderate reproducibility (0.50) (95% CI; 0.41-0.60). Neoductgenesis correlated significantly with malignant type microcalcifications and TN-C expression (P = 0.008 and 0.04) and with ER, PR, and HER2 status (P < 0.00001 for all three markers). Conclusions. We developed histological criteria for breast cancer with neoductgenesis. Neoductgenesis, by our applied histopathological definition was related to more aggressive tumour biology and malignant mammographic calcifications.
BACKGROUND: Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) demonstrate that trastuzumab improves survival in patients with human epidermal growth factor 2-positive early breast cancer (HER2 + EBC), but real-world patients and clinical practice often differ from RCTs. We examine real-world treatment patterns and outcomes associated with trastuzumab for HER2 + EBC. METHODS: We identified all Australians dispensed trastuzumab for HER2 + EBC between 1/1/2007 and 30/6/2016. We estimated the proportion of patients completing 12 months of treatment (defined as >/=350 days of exposure within 540 days of initiation). We estimated overall survival (OS) and recurrence-free survival (RFS) by using trastuzumab dispensing for metastatic breast cancer as a surrogate for recurrence. RESULTS: Our study included 14,644 patients. Among patients with >/=540 days of follow-up (n = 11,903), 67.4% completed 12 months of trastuzumab. OS rates at 5 and 9 years were 92.7 and 87.9%, and RFS rates at 5 and 9 years were 86.8 and 81.4%, respectively. Patients who completed 12 months of trastuzumab had a 9-year OS rate of 90.2% compared with 86.2% among patients receiving <12 months of therapy (adjusted HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.62-0.81). CONCLUSIONS: Real-world HER2 + EBC patients are less likely to complete 12 months of trastuzumab than some clinical trial counterparts but have survival outcomes comparable to those reported in landmark RCTs.
Trop2 is considered to have an important function in tumor metastasis and the promotion of epithelialmesenchymal transition (EMT). Ecadherin is a crucial factor in intercellular adhesion and EMT transformation. In the present study, we detected the expression of Trop2 and Ecadherin in breast cancer (BC) to better define their prognostic value. The mRNA expression levels of these two genes in 20 cases of fresh BC tissues were detected by quantitative realtime polymerase chain reaction (qRTPCR). We also detected the expression levels of these two genes by immunohistochemistry (IHC) in 312 BC tissues, and the correlations between the expression of these two genes and the clinicopathological characteristics in BC patients were analyzed. The mRNA and protein expression levels of the two genes in BC cell lines were studied by qRTPCR and western blotting. The results indicated that Trop2+/Ecadherin was expressed in BC tissues more than that in the matched adjacent tissues. The protein expression results obtained via IHC were similar to the mRNA expression results. Trop2+/Ecadherin that was expressed in BC was associated with lymph node status, metastasis, tumornodemetastasis (TNM) stage, and ER/PR/HER2 expression. BC patients that expressed Trop2+/Ecadherin had poor overall survival rates. The results of Trop2 and Ecadherin expression levels obtained in the BC cell lines were the same as those obtained in the BC tissues. Overall, Trop2 has a potential role in the promotion of EMT in BC and it could be considered as a therapeutic target in the future.
Currently, axillary surgery for breast cancer is considered only as staging procedure, since the risk of developing metastasis depends on the biological behavior of the primary. The postsurgical therapy should be considered on the basis of biologic tumor characteristics rather than nodal involvement. Improvements in systemic treatments for breast cancer have increased the rates of pathologic complete response (pCR) in patients receiving neoadjuvant systemic therapy (NAST), offering the opportunity to de-escalate surgery in patients who have a pCR. European Breast Cancer Research Association of Surgical Trialists (EUBREAST)-01 is a clinical trial in which only patients with the highest likelihood of having a pCR after NAST (triple-negative or HER2-positive breast cancer) will be included and type of surgery will be defined according to the response to NAST rather than on the classical T (for tumor size in the breast) and N (for axillary lymph node involvement) status. In the discussed trial, axillary surgery will be eliminated completely (no axillary sentinel lymph node biopsy) for initially clinical node-negative (cN0) patients with radiologic complete remission and a breast pCR in the lumpectomy specimen. The trial design is a multicenter single-arm study with a limited number of patients (n = 267), which might give practice-changing results in a short period of time, sparing the time and the costs of a randomized comparison.
INTRODUCTION: Four phase III randomized trials adding epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors to standard chemotherapeutics in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have failed to show benefits. The mechanism of these failures was examined. METHODS: Fifteen previously untreated NSCLC cell lines were simultaneously treated with gefitinib plus cisplatin. Three exhibited sensitizing-EGFR mutations. Three selected lines were further tested with paclitaxel/cisplatin, paclitaxel/gefitinib, and paclitaxel/cisplatin/gefitinib combinations. The tetrazolium colorimetric assay with application of the classic isobole method was used, and dose-versus-log-response curves (DRCs) were analyzed to evaluate possible resistance mechanisms. RESULTS: Of the 15 cell lines tested, combined gefitinib/cisplatin was significantly antagonistic in 10 wild-type and three sensitizing-EGFR mutant cell lines (group mean combination index = 1.184, 95% confidence interval = 1.12-1.24, p = 0.001). The mean combination index values of paclitaxel/cisplatin/gefitinib were higher than or comparable with those of paclitaxel/cisplatin and paclitaxel/gefitinib. DRC analysis consistently showed nonsaturable passive resistance, suggesting that gefitinib at 0.001 to 0.3 muM can interfere with cisplatin cell entry (at concentrations >1-3 muM) in a dose-dependent manner and lead to antagonism. This antagonism may or may not be schedule dependent in different cell lines. CONCLUSIONS: In most EGFR wild-type or sensitizing-mutant NSCLC cells, the concomitant gefitinib/cisplatin combination showed antagonism, likely because gefitinib interfered with cisplatin entry into the cell. The findings that three-drug combination was not better than the two-drug combinations are in accordance with the results of the randomized trials. The EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor/platinum antagonism is a possible reason for the failure of those randomized trials.
Evidences suggested that combined blockade of the VEGF and EGFR pathways can improve the treatment efficacy of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In our previously clinical practice, we observed that thalidomide, a potent VEGF inhibitor, can significantly decrease the tumor size of one EGFR-TKI resistance patient with lung cancer cachexia. In this pilot study, we tried to assess the efficacy and toxicity of the combination therapy of erlotinib and thalidomide in advanced NSCLC patients with acquired resistance to erlotinib. In all, 52 NSCLC patients with drug resistance to erlotinib were recruited and treated with this combination therapy. After treatment, 4 patients presented with partial remission (PR), 16 with stable disease (SD) and 32 with progressive disease (PD). The objective response rate (ORR) and disease control rate (DCR) was 7.7% and 38.5%, respectively. In this study, we firstly confirmed that thalidomide can reversion of erlotinib-acquired resistance with a 7 weeks median progression-free survival (PFS); besides, this combination therapy shows acceptable drug tolerance; the most common drug related adverse events were astriction, numbness and sleeve-like feeling in the limbs, no thrombosis occurred in any patient. Those evidences indicate that thalidomide may be a useful candidate for reversion of erlotinib-acquired resistance.
Companion diagnostics are an emerging and exciting field in the care of oncology patients. These tests accompany standard diagnostic investigations in cancer patients and function as an aid in treatment decision making. A great number of new compounds are under clinical and laboratory testing in nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC). As the variety of therapeutic options expands in the various settings of the disease, it becomes apparent that specific and sensitive molecular tests are necessary to define the subsets of patients who are going to derive clinical benefit. Testing for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) somatic mutations for the appropriate administration of tyrosine kinase inhibitors is just the beginning. Anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) fusion protein detection and molecular histology classification are promising candidate predictors for clinical benefit from crizotinib and pemetrexed, respectively. This paper summarizes such diagnostics and discusses unanswered questions concerning underlying biology and standardization issues.
Mouse models of breast cancer with specific molecular subtypes (e.g., ER or HER2 positive) in an immunocompetent or an immunocompromised environment significantly contribute to our understanding of cancer biology, despite some limitations, and they give insight into targeted therapies. However, an ideal triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) mouse model is lacking. What has been missing in the TNBC mouse model is a sequential progression of the disease in an essential native microenvironment. This notion inspired us to develop a TNBC-model in syngeneic mice using a mammary intraductal (MIND) method. To achieve this goal, Mvt-1and 4T1 TNBC mouse cell lines were injected into the mammary ducts via nipples of FVB/N mice and BALB/c wild-type immunocompetent mice, respectively. We established that the TNBC-MIND model in syngeneic mice could epitomize all breast cancer progression stages and metastasis into the lungs via lymphatic or hematogenous dissemination within four weeks. Collectively, the syngeneic mouse-TNBC-MIND model may serve as a unique platform for further investigation of the underlying mechanisms of TNBC growth and therapies.
Fluorescence imaging is currently attracting much interest as a method for intraoperative tumor detection, but most current tracers lack tumor specificity. Therefore, this technique can be further improved by tumor-specific detection. With tumor-targeted antibodies bound to a radioactive label, tumor-specific SPECT or PET is feasible in the clinical setting. The aim of the present study was to apply antibody-based tumor detection to intraoperative optical imaging, using preclinical in vivo mouse models. METHODS: Anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) antibody bevacizumab and anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER) 2 antibody trastuzumab were labeled with the near-infrared (NIR) fluorescence dye IRDye 800CW. Tumor uptake of the fluorescent tracers and their (89)Zr-labeled radioactive counterparts for PET was determined in human xenograft-bearing athymic mice during 1 wk after tracer injection, followed by ex vivo biodistribution and pathologic examination. Intraoperative imaging of fluorescent VEGF- or HER2-positive tumor lesions was performed in subcutaneous tumors and in intraperitoneal dissemination tumor models. RESULTS: Tumor-to-background ratios, with fluorescent imaging, were 1.93 +/- 0.40 for bevacizumab and 2.92 +/- 0.29 for trastuzumab on day 6 after tracer injection. Real-time intraoperative imaging detected tumor lesions at even the submillimeter level in intraperitoneal dissemination tumor models. These results were supported by standard histology, immunohistochemistry, and fluorescence microscopy analyses. CONCLUSION: NIR fluorescence-labeled antibodies targeting VEGF or HER2 can be used for highly specific and sensitive detection of tumor lesions in vivo. These preclinical findings encourage future clinical studies with NIR fluorescence-labeled tumor-specific antibodies for intraoperative-guided surgery in cancer patients.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the performance of assays used to assess KRAS mutations in tumor specimens. METHODS: We analyzed DNA extracted from 30 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tumor specimens using the QIAGEN Therascreen KRAS RGQ and QIAGEN Pyro reagents, with dideoxy sequencing (colloquially considered to be the gold standard) as the reference method. RESULTS: We detected 22 codon 12 or 13 KRAS mutations using the Pyro assay, whereas the RGQ assay detected 19 mutations. For mutation detection, the clinical sensitivity was 86% for the RGQ assay compared with 100% for the Pyro but 100% for the KRAS mutations that the RGQ was predesigned to detect. The Pyro could detect rare mutations. The RGQ demonstrated a lower limit of detection compared with the Pyro; However, the Pyro required less DNA input than the RGQ. CONCLUSION: The 2 assays that we tested yielded comparable performance in detecting KRAS mutations, as we had expected based on assay design. Overall, the Pyro assay detects more mutations and requires less DNA input but is less analytically sensitive, compared with the RGQ assay.
BACKGROUND: Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified >50 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in association with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) but little is known about whether the combination of these SNPs may aid in prediction of future incidence of CKD in the population. METHODS: We included 2301 participants with baseline eGFR >/=60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) from the Malmo Diet and Cancer Study-Cardiovascular Cohort. The eGFR was estimated during baseline (1991-1996) and after a mean follow-up of 16.6 years using the CKD-Epidemiology Collaboration 2009 creatinine equation. We combined 53 SNPs into a genetic risk score weighted by the effect size (wGRS(CKD)), and examined its association with incidence of CKD stage 3A (eGFR </=60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2)). RESULTS: At follow-up, 453 study participants were defined as having CKD stage 3A. We observed a strong association between wGRS(CKD) and eGFR at baseline (P = 6.5 x 10(-8)) and at the follow-up reexamination (P = 5.0 x 10(-10)). The odds ratio (OR) for incidence of CKD stage 3A was 1.25 per 1 SD increment in the wGRS(CKD) (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12-1.39) adjusting for potential confounders (sex, age, body mass index [BMI], baseline eGFR, fasting glucose, systolic blood pressure (SBP), antihypertensive treatment, smoking, follow-up time). Adding wGRS(CKD) on the top of traditional risk factors did not improve the C-statistics (P = 0.12), but the Net Reclassification-Improvement-Index was significantly improved (cNRI = 21.3%; 95% CI: 21.2-21.4; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: wGRS(CKD) was associated with a 25% increased incidence of CKD per 1 SD increment. Although the wGRS(CKD) did not improve the prediction model beyond clinical risk factors per se, the information of genetic predisposition may aid in reclassification of individuals into correct risk direction.
Blockade of EGFR with reversible EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) is considered the frontline strategy for advanced NSCLC with EGFR mutations. However, acquired resistance to EGFR-TKI has been observed, resulting in disease progression and limited clinical benefit. Polyphyllin VII is the main member of polyphyllin family, which has been demonstrated to show strong anticancer activity against carcinomas. The sensitizing effect and underlying mechanism of Polyphyllin VII against acquired EGFR-TKI resistant NSCLC are still unexplored. In the present study, we aim to examined the sensitizing effect of Polyphyllin VII to gefitinib by modulating P21 signaling pathway in gefitinib acquired resistant NSCLC in vitro and in vivo. Gefitinib sensitive PC-9 cells and gefitinib acquired resistant H1975 cells were used. Cell proliferation and Clonogenic assay, Cell cycle analysis, Western blotting analysis and xenograft treatment were carried out. Polyphyllin VII enhanced the anti-proliferative effects of gefitinib and gefitinib-induced G1 phase arrest by modulation of P21 signaling pathway in acquired gefitinib resistant cells in vitro and in vivo. Polyphyllin VII elevated sensitization of gefitinib acquired resistant NSCLC cells to gefitinib through G1 phase arrest and modulation of P21 signaling pathway. It provides a potential new strategy to overcome gefitinib acquired resistance for EGFR-TKI resistant NSCLC.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a highly aggressive malignancy frequently driven by oncogenic mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Although EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) have shown clinical efficacy, challenges such as limited response duration and intrinsic mechanisms-such as EGFR amplification-can affect therapeutic outcomes. This study investigates the role of the USP21-EGFR-Lyn axis in NSCLC progression, identifying USP21 as a key regulator of EGFR and Lyn stability. Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) of NSCLC patient datasets revealed a strong correlation between USP21 overexpression and poor prognosis. Functional studies using USP21-knockout (USP21-KO) lung cancer cell lines demonstrated reduced proliferation, migration, colony formation, and tumor spheroid growth. Mechanistically, USP21 interacts with EGFR and Lyn, preventing their ubiquitination and degradation, thereby sustaining oncogenic signaling. In vivo, USP21 depletion significantly suppressed tumor growth in xenograft models. Additionally, pharmacological inhibition of USP21 with BAY-805 effectively reduced EGF-induced tumor spheroid formation, highlighting its therapeutic potential. Collectively, these findings position USP21 as a promising target for NSCLC treatment and offer a potential approach to complement existing EGFR-targeted therapies.
The efficacy of programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) blockade in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) positive for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene mutations has been found to be limited, but the underlying mechanisms for this poor response have remained obscure. Given that the recognition by T cells of tumor antigens presented by major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) molecules is essential for an antitumor immune response, we examined the effects of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) on MHC-I expression in NSCLC cell lines. Appropriate EGFR-TKIs increased MHC-I expression at the mRNA and cell surface protein levels in NSCLC cells positive for EGFR mutations including those with the T790M secondary mutation. Trametinib, an inhibitor of the extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) kinase MEK, also increased MHC-I expression, whereas the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor buparlisib did not, suggesting that the MEK-ERK pathway mediates the down-regulation of MHC-I expression in response to EGFR activation. Immunohistochemical analysis of EGFR-mutated NSCLC specimens obtained before and after EGFR-TKI treatment also revealed down-regulation of phosphorylated forms of EGFR and ERK in association with up-regulation of MHC-I, an increased number of infiltrating CD8(+) T cells, and increased PD-1 ligand 1 expression after such treatment. Our results thus suggest that mutational activation of EGFR inhibits MHC-I expression through the MEK-ERK pathway in NSCLC and thereby contributes to the poor response of such tumors to immunotherapy. Further studies are warranted to evaluate the relation between EGFR-MEK-ERK signaling in and the immune response to EGFR-mutated NSCLC..
PURPOSE: Aneusomy 17 causes inconsistency in fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH)-based human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER)-2 status assessment using different algorithms (copy number or the HER-2/centromere enumerator probe 17 [CEP-17] ratio). We investigated the effects of FISH-based HER-2 status assessment and aneusomy 17 on responsiveness to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). PATIENTS AND METHODS: This prospective study recruited 152 patients with locally advanced breast cancer who underwent four-cycle weekly paclitaxel plus carboplatin without trastuzumab. RESULTS: The pathologic complete remission (pCR) rate in the breast and axilla was 24.3% (95% confidence interval [CI], 17.7%-32.0%). Although HER-2 status, assessed by either HER-2/CEP-17 ratio-based FISH or copy number-based FISH, was a predictor of NAC sensitivity, ratio-assessed HER-2 status had a poorer performance in determining patients' responsiveness to NAC (p = .029). Patients who were not HER-2 amplified when assessed using the HER-2/CEP-17 ratio but were HER-2 amplified when assessed using copy number (~5%) were eventually proven to be responsive to NAC, with a pCR rate of 57% (95% CI, 18.4%-90.1%). In contrast, patients who were HER-2 amplified when assessed by the ratio but not HER-2 amplified when assessed using copy number (~3%) were completely irresponsive. Higher HER-2 copy numbers represented increasing chances of a pCR (adjusted odds ratio, 3.09; 95% CI, 1.35-7.08), with an apparent gene-dose effect (p for trend < .001). CONCLUSION: It is likely that HER-2 copy number but not the HER-2/CEP-17 ratio determines NAC sensitivity. Additional studies to validate our findings are warranted.
PURPOSE: This study was conducted to define the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), recommended phase two dose (RPTD), and toxicities of gemcitabine + dasatinib (GD) and gemcitabine + dasatinib + cetuximab (GDC) in advanced solid tumor patients. METHODS: This study was a standard phase I 3 + 3 dose escalation study evaluating two combination regimens, GD and GDC. Patients with advanced solid tumors were enrolled in cohorts of 3-6 to either GD or GDC. Gemcitabine was dosed at 1000 mg/m(2) weekly for 3 of 4 weeks, dasatinib was dosed in mg PO BID, and cetuximab was dosed at 250 mg/m(2) weekly after a loading dose of cetuximab of 400 mg/m(2). There were two dose levels for dasatinib: (1) gemcitabine + dasatinib 50 mg +/- cetuximab, and (2) gemcitabine + dasatinib 70 mg +/- cetuximab. Cycle length was 28 days. Standard cycle 1 dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) definitions were used. Eligible patients had advanced solid tumors, adequate organ and marrow function, and no co-morbidities that would increase the risk of toxicity. Serum, plasma, and skin biopsy biomarkers were obtained pre- and on-treatment. RESULTS: Twenty-five patients were enrolled, including 21 with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Three patients received prior gemcitabine. Twenty-one patients were evaluable for toxicity and 16 for response. Four DLTs were observed: Grade (Gr) 3 neutropenia (GDC1, n = 1), Gr 3 ALT (GD2, n = 2), and Gr 5 pneumonitis (GDC2, n = 1). Possible treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) in later cycles included: Gr 3-4 neutropenia (n = 7), Gr 4 colitis (n = 1), Gr 3 bilirubin (n = 2), Gr 3 anemia (n = 2), Gr 3 thrombocytopenia (n = 2), Gr 3 edema/fluid retention (n = 1), and Gr 3 vomiting (n = 3). Six of 16 patients (3 of whom were gemcitabine-refractory) had stable disease (SD) as best response, median duration = 5 months (range 1-7). One gemcitabine-refractory patient had a partial response (PR). Median PFS was 2.9 months (95% CI 2.1, 5.8). Median OS was 5.8 months (95% CI 4.1, 11.8). Dermal wound biopsies demonstrated that dasatinib resulted in a decrease of total and phospho-Src levels, and cetuximab resulted in a decrease of EGFR and ERBB2 levels. CONCLUSIONS: The MTD/RPTD of GD is gemcitabine 1000 mg/m(2) weekly for 3 of 4 weeks and dasatinib 50 mg PO BID. The clinical activity of GD seen in this study was modest, and does not support its further investigation in pancreatic cancer.
Gefitinib is an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor effective in patients with lung cancer with mutations in exons 19 and 21 of the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain. In this study, the authors tested the presence of such mutations in 95 gliomas including glioblastomas, anaplastic oligodendrogliomas, and low-grade gliomas. No mutation was found, which suggests that the biology of EGFR in gliomas is different from lung cancer and that this may be a factor in the resistance of glioblastomas to gefitinib.
OBJECTIVE: Novel statistical methods and increasingly more accurate gene annotations can transform "old" biological data into a renewed source of knowledge with potential clinical relevance. Here, we provide an in silico proof-of-concept by extracting novel information from a high-quality mRNA expression dataset, originally published in 2001, using state-of-the-art bioinformatics approaches. METHODS: The dataset consists of histologically defined cases of lung adenocarcinoma (AD), squamous (SQ) cell carcinoma, small-cell lung cancer, carcinoid, metastasis (breast and colon AD), and normal lung specimens (203 samples in total). A battery of statistical tests was used for identifying differential gene expressions, diagnostic and prognostic genes, enriched gene ontologies, and signaling pathways. RESULTS: Our results showed that gene expressions faithfully recapitulate immunohistochemical subtype markers, as chromogranin A in carcinoids, cytokeratin 5, p63 in SQ, and TTF1 in non-squamous types. Moreover, biological information with putative clinical relevance was revealed as potentially novel diagnostic genes for each subtype with specificity 93-100% (AUC = 0.93-1.00). Cancer subtypes were characterized by (a) differential expression of treatment target genes as TYMS, HER2, and HER3 and (b) overrepresentation of treatment-related pathways like cell cycle, DNA repair, and ERBB pathways. The vascular smooth muscle contraction, leukocyte trans-endothelial migration, and actin cytoskeleton pathways were overexpressed in normal tissue. CONCLUSION: Reanalysis of this public dataset displayed the known biological features of lung cancer subtypes and revealed novel pathways of potentially clinical importance. The findings also support our hypothesis that even old omics data of high quality can be a source of significant biological information when appropriate bioinformatics methods are used.
INTRODUCTION: Mitogen-inducible gene 6 ( MIG6) holds a special position in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) resistance. As MIG6 regulates the activity of EGFR signal pathway negatively, high level of MIG6 can increase the EGFR TKI resistance of cancer cells, and limit the therapeutic action of EGFR TKI, such as gefitinib or erlotinib. Therefore, better understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying the regulation of EGFR TKI resistance holds great value in cancer therapy. METHODS: In our study, we mainly explored the function of transcription activator, myocyte enhancer factor 2C (MEF2C), on MIG6 expression as well as gefitinib-resistant ability of hepatic cancer cells. RESULTS: Our results indicated that both MEF2C and MIG6 could be upregulated in gefitinib-resistant cancer tissues and cancer cell lines compared with gefitinib-sensitive ones. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay and dual luciferase assay showed that MEF2C could bind to the MEF2C element in the promoter sequence of MIG6 and promote the transcription of MIG6. This effect increased the gefitinib-resistant ability of cancer cells. Therefore, MEF2C knockdown inhibited the gefitinib resistance and limited the proliferation of hepatic cancer cells in vitro and in vivo, while overexpression of MEF2C showed opposite effect on cancer cell proliferation. CONCLUSION: Our study provides novel insight into the regulation mechanism of MIG6 and suggests potential implications for the therapeutic strategies of gefitinib resistance through inhibiting MEF2C in hepatic cancer cells.
Overexpression of ERBB2 and its neighboring genes on chromosome 17 occurs in approximately 25% of breast tumors and is associated with poor prognosis. While amplification of the 17q12-21 chromosomal region often correlates with an increase in the transcriptional rates of the locus, the molecular mechanisms and the factors involved in the coordinated expression of genes residing within the ERBB2 amplicon remain largely unknown. Here we demonstrate that estrogen-related receptor alpha (ERRalpha, NR3B1) and its coregulator PGC-1beta are key effectors in this process. Using a mouse model of ERBB2-initiated mammary tumorigenesis, we first show that ablation of ERRalpha significantly delays ERBB2-induced tumor development and lowers the levels of amplicon transcripts. Chromosome 17q-wide binding site location analyses in human breast cancer cells show preferential recruitment of ERRalpha to DNA segments associated with the ERBB2 amplicon. Furthermore, ERRalpha directs the co-recruitment of the coactivator PGC-1beta to segments in the 17q12 region and the recruitment of RNA polymerase II to the promoters of the ERBB2 and coamplified genes. ERRalpha and PGC-1beta also participate in the de-repression of ERBB2 expression through competitive genomic cross-talk with estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) and, as a consequence, influence tamoxifen sensitivity in breast cancer cells. Taken together, our results suggest that ERRalpha and PGC-1beta are key players in the etiology of malignant breast cancer by coordinating the transcriptional regulation of genes located in the 17q12 region, a process that also involves interference with the repressive function of ERalpha on ERBB2 expression.
Depressive symptoms are recognized contributors to breast cancer progression; while previous studies have investigated the role of antidepressants in breast cancer, their therapeutic potential remains insufficiently and systematically explored. This study systematically evaluated the anti-tumor efficacy of six clinically used antidepressants (escitalopram, amitriptyline, fluoxetine, paroxetine, desvenlafaxine, and duloxetine) in 4T1 (murine triple negative) and MCF-7 (human ER(+)/HER2(-)) breast cancer cells. The results indicated that duloxetine exhibited the most potent cytotoxicity, with IC(50) values of 6.94 muM in 4T1 and 16.16 muM in MCF-7 cells. Although less potent than docetaxel, duloxetine still exhibited significant anti-proliferative, anti-migratory, and pro-apoptotic effects. In vivo, duloxetine (10-30 mg/kg) significantly suppressed tumor growth in 4T1-bearing mice, accompanied by decreased Ki-67 expression and increased E-cadherin. Moreover, duloxetine significantly inhibited the phosphorylation of AKT and mTOR, thereby promoting autophagy activation, as evidenced by increased LC3 expression and decreased P62 levels. Additionally, duloxetine promotes apoptosis by upregulating Bax and downregulating Bcl-2 expression both in vitro and in vivo. These findings reveal that duloxetine exerts anti-breast cancer effects through inhibiting AKT/mTOR signaling and promoting Bax/Bcl-2-mediated apoptosis, highlighting its potential for therapeutic repurposing as an adjunct treatment-particularly, in breast cancer patients with coexisting depression.
BACKGROUND: Serum amyloid A (SAA), an acute-phase protein, is expressed primarily in the liver, and recently found also expressed in cancer tissues. However, its expression and prognostic value in breast cancer have not been described. RESULTS: SAA protein was found expressed in tumor cells in 44.2% cases and in TAM in 62.5% cases. FISH showed more frequent SAA mRNA expression in TAM than in tumor cells (76% versus 12%, p < 0.001), and a significant association between the frequencies of SAA mRNA expression in TAM and tumor cells (rs = 0.603, p < 0.001). The immunoreactivities of SAA protein in TAM and tumor cells were both associated with lymphovascular invasion and lymph node metastasis. Moreover, SAA-positivity in TAMs was associated with larger tumor-size, higher histological-grade, negative estrogen-receptor and progesterone-receptor statuses, and HER-2 overexpression. It was also linked to worse recurrence-free survival in a multivariable regression model. METHODS: Immunohistochemistry was applied on the tumor tissues from 208 breast cancer patients to evaluate the local SAA-protein expression with additional CD68 stain to identify the tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) on the serial tissue sections. Fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) was conducted on serial tissue sections from 25 of the 208 tumors to examine the expression and location of SAA mRNA. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggested that the TAMs may be a pivotal and main source of SAA production in tumor microenvironment of breast cancer. SAA immunoreactivity in TAM is associated with worse recurrence-free survival, and is therefore a biomarker candidate for postoperative surveillance and perhaps a therapeutic target for breast cancer.
PURPOSE: Due to a lack of effective targeted therapies, patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) have poor clinical outcomes. Epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) is known to contribute to cancer progression, invasiveness and multidrug resistance (MDR). There is a strong correlation between various drug efflux mechanisms, cancer stem cells and tumor microenvironments, which in turn is synchronized by complex signaling crosstalk between EMT and MDR. We hypothesize that combining these regulatory connections with targeted combinatorial therapies may be an effective approach to annihilate the progression/metastasis of TNBC. METHODS: AlamarBlue assays were used to depict TNBC cell viability, whereas flow cytometry was used to detect apoptotic cell populations, reactive-oxygen species (ROS) levels as well as mitochondrial depolarization. qRT-PCR, Western blotting and confocal microscopy were used to provide molecular-level information of the genes and proteins involved. RESULTS: Our initial analyses showed that targeting EGFR by either erlotinib (EGFR inhibitor) or lapatinib (EGFR/HER-2 inhibitor) alone was ineffective against TNBC. Interestingly, we subsequently found that a low dose of lapatinib did act as a substrate rather than as an inhibitor facilitating EMT and MDR, leading to metastasis. Additional gene expression studies indicated that co-targeting the EGFR and Wnt/beta-catenin pathways with lapatinib and XAV939 (a tankyrase inhibitor) promoted mesenchymal to epithelial transition (MET). Application of these inhibitors led to a 5.62-fold increase in the epithelial marker E-cadherin and a 3.33-fold decrease in the stemness marker EpCAM, with concomitant 1.5-fold and 3.22-fold reductions in the ABC transporters ABCB1 and ABCG2, respectively. These co-targeting effects resulted in overcoming EMT and MDR, which in turn was highlighted by reduced levels of pEGFR, pAKT, pMAPK, pSTAT-3, pGSK-3beta and beta-catenin. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that the synergistic action of targeting both the EGFR and Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathways in TNBC cells may open up new avenues for combatting this disease.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinical effects of whole brain radiotherapy concomitant with targeted therapy for brain metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with chemotherapy failure. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Of the 157 NSCLC patients with chemotherapy failure followed by brain metastasis admitted in our hospital from January 2009 to August 2012, the combination group (65 cases) were treated with EGFR-TKI combined with whole brain radiotherapy while the radiotherapy group (92 cases) were given whole brain radiotherapy only. Short-term effects were evaluated based on the increased MRI in brain 1 month after whole brain radiotherapy. Intracranial hypertension responses, hematological toxicity reactions and clinical effects of both groups were observed. RESULTS: There were more adverse reactions in the combination group than in radiotherapy group, but no significant differences were observed between the two groups in response rate (RR) and disease control rate (DCR) (P>0.05). Medium progression free survival (PFS), medium overall survival (OS) and 1-year survival rate in combination group were 6.0 months, 10.6 months and 42.3%, while in the radiotherapy group they were 3.4 months, 7.7 months and 28.0%, respectively, which indicated that there were significant differences in PFS and OS between the two groups (P<0.05). Additionally, RPA grading of each factor in the combination group was a risk factor closely related with survival, with medium PFS in EGFR and KRAS mutation patients being 8.2 months and 11.2 months, and OS being 3.6 months and 6.3 months, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Whole brain radiotherapy concomitant with target therapy is favorable for adverse reaction tolerance and clinical effects, being superior in treating brain metastasis in NSCLC patients with chemotherapy failure and thus deserves to be widely applied in the clinic.
INTRODUCTION: Probiotics are suggested to prevent colorectal cancer (CRC). This study aimed to investigate the anticancer properties of some potential probiotics in vitro and in vivo. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Anticancer effects of the following potential probiotic groups were investigated in LS174T cancer cells compared to IEC-18 normal cells. 1. a single strain of Bifidobacterium. breve, 2. a single strain of Lactobacillus. reuteri, 3. a cocktail of 5 strains of Lactobacilli (LC), 4. a cocktail of 5 strains of Bifidobacteria (BC), 5. a cocktail of 10 strains from Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium (L+B). Apoptosis rate, EGFR, HER-2 and PTGS-2 (COX-2 protein) expression levels were assessed as metrics of evaluating anticancer properties. Effect of BC, as the most effective group in vitro, was further assessed in mice models. RESULTS: BC induced ~21% and only ~3% apoptosis among LS174T and IEC-18 cells respectively. BC decreased the expression of EGFR by 4.4 folds, HER-2 by 6.7 folds, and PTGS-2 by 20 folds among the LS174T cells. In all these cases, BC did not interfere significantly with the expression of the genes in IEC-18 cells. This cocktail has caused only 1.1 folds decrease, 1.8 folds increase and 1.7 folds decrease in EGFR, HER-2 and PTGS-2 expression, respectively. Western blot analysis confirmed these results in the protein level. BC significantly ameliorated the disease activity index, restored colon length, inhibited the increase in incidence and progress of tumors to higher stages and grades. CONCLUSIONS: BC was the most efficient treatment in this study. It had considerable "protective" anti-cancer properties and concomitantly down regulated EGFR, HER-2 and PTGS-2 (COX-2), while having significant anti-CRC effects on CRC mice models. In general, this potential probiotic could be considered as a suitable nutritional supplement to treat and prevent CRC.
In the PALOMA-3 trial, the median progression-free survival (PFS) was longer among patients with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancer (ABC) treated with palbociclib plus fulvestrant than those treated with placebo plus fulvestrant. This subgroup analysis examined the efficacy and safety of palbociclib among Korean patients enrolled in PALOMA-3 (n = 43 [palbociclib group, n = 24; placebo group, n = 19]). In both groups, > 40% of patients were pre/perimenopausal at enrollment. The median PFS was significantly prolonged with palbociclib vs. placebo (12.3 [95% confidence interval (CI), 9.1-not estimable] vs. 5.4 months [95% CI, 1.9-9.2]; hazard ratio, 0.40 [95% CI, 0.19-0.83]; one-sided p =0.005), and the confirmed objective response was 21.1% and 11.8%, respectively (odds ratio, 2.0 [95% CI, 0.24-24.8]). Neutropenia was the most common adverse event associated with palbociclib. Overall, palbociclib plus fulvestrant was effective and generally safe among Korean patients with HR+/HER2- ABC, regardless of menopausal status.
BACKGROUND/AIM: The aim of this study is to determine the relationship between stromal types, PD-L1 status and clinicopathological characteristics in patients with different molecular subtypes of breast cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Protein expression levels of PD-L1 were determined by immunohistochemistry assay. Stromal type was classified based on the maturity of the tumor stroma. RESULTS: Different subtypes of breast cancer had distinct stromal types. Tumors from patients with mature stroma had lower pathological N stage and AJCC stage, more frequent high p53 expression and positive stromal PD-L1 staining. Hormone receptor negative patients had higher frequency of positive stromal PD-L1 staining. Stromal PD-L1 status was also associated with different breast cancer subtypes and EGFR expression level. Importantly, our data revealed that stromal types and stromal PD-L1 status were independent prognostic factors. CONCLUSION: This study highlighted the importance of stromal types and stromal PD-L1 status in determining clinical outcomes in patients with breast cancer, and suggested that stromal type classification might be readily incorporated into routine clinical risk assessment following curative resection or optimal therapeutic design.
PURPOSE: Timely biomarker testing remains out of reach for many patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (aNSCLC). Here, we studied the quality-of-care implications of closing the gap in timely receipt of comprehensive genomic profiling (CGP) to inform first-line (1L) decisions. METHODS: Using a real-world clinicogenomic database, we studied testing and 1L treatment patterns in aNSCLC after the approval of pembrolizumab in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (May 10, 2017). To estimate the association of timely CGP results with therapy selection and patient outcomes, we identified patients with no previous genomic testing beyond PD-L1 immunohistochemistry and dichotomized patients by whether CGP results were available before or after 1L therapy initiation. RESULTS: In total, 2,694 patients were included in the 1L therapy decision impact assessment. Timely CGP increased matched targeted therapy use by 14 percentage points (17% with CGP v 2.8% without) and precision immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICPI) use by 14 percentage points (18% with CGP v 3.9% without). Receipt of timely CGP resulted in an estimated 31 percentage point decrease in ICPI use among ALK/EGFR/RET/ROS1-positive patients at an expected per-patient reduction in ineffective ICPI therapy cost of $13,659.37 with timely CGP to inform 1L treatment selection. Patient benefit of CGP extended to real-world time to therapy discontinuation (median time to therapy discontinuation: 3.9 v 10 months [hazard ratio, HR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.42 to 0.70]; P = 1.9E-06; adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 0.50 [95% CI, 0.38 to 0.67]; P = 2.0E-06) in 1L driver-positive patients. This effect was not significant for real-world overall survival (median overall survival: 32 v 29 months [HR, 1.2 [95% CI, 0.84 to 1.67]; P = .33; aHR, 1.4 [95% CI, 0.92 to 1.99]; P = .12). CONCLUSION: Timely CGP is associated with the quality of patient care as measured by 1L matched targeted therapy use, time to therapy discontinuation, and avoidance of ineffective, costly ICPIs.
BACKGROUND: Cetuximab plus chemotherapy is a first-line treatment option in metastatic KRAS and NRAS wild-type colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. No data are currently available on continuing anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) therapy beyond progression. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We did this open-label, 1:1 randomized phase II trial at 25 hospitals in Italy to evaluate the efficacy of cetuximab plus 5-fluorouracil, folinic acid and oxaliplatin (FOLFOX) as second-line treatment of KRAS exon 2 wild-type metastatic CRC patients treated in first line with 5-fluorouracil, folinic acid and irinotecan (FOLFIRI) plus cetuximab. Patients received FOLFOX plus cetuximab (arm A) or FOLFOX (arm B). Primary end point was progression-free survival (PFS). Tumour tissues were assessed by next-generation sequencing (NGS). This report is the final analysis. RESULTS: Between 1 February 2010 and 28 September 2014, 153 patients were randomized (74 in arm A and 79 in arm B). Median PFS was 6.4 [95% confidence interval (CI) 4.7-8.0] versus 4.5 months (95% CI 3.3-5.7); [hazard ratio (HR), 0.81; 95% CI 0.58-1.12; P = 0.19], respectively. NGS was performed in 117/153 (76.5%) cases; 66/117 patients (34 in arm A and 32 in arm B) had KRAS, NRAS, BRAF and PIK3CA wild-type tumours. For these patients, PFS was longer in the FOLFOX plus cetuximab arm [median 6.9 (95% CI 5.5-8.2) versus 5.3 months (95% CI 3.7-6.9); HR, 0.56 (95% CI 0.33-0.94); P = 0.025]. There was a trend in better overall survival: median 23.7 [(95% CI 19.4-28.0) versus 19.8 months (95% CI 14.9-24.7); HR, 0.57 (95% CI 0.32-1.02); P = 0.056]. CONCLUSIONS: Continuing cetuximab treatment in combination with chemotherapy is of potential therapeutic efficacy in molecularly selected patients and should be validated in randomized phase III trials.
Most epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells are killed within a few days after osimertinib treatment; however, surviving cells remain detectable and are called drug-tolerant cells. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) was reported to be involved in chemotherapeutic or radiotherapeutic resistance. The purpose of the present study was to investigate whether PAI-1 is involved in osimertinib tolerance and whether it could be a therapeutic target for overcoming this tolerance. We showed that the PAI-1 mRNA expression levels and mesenchymal gene expression levels were significantly higher in drug-tolerant EGFR-mutated NSCLC cells than in control cells after 7 days of in vitro osimertinib treatment. Additionally, an RNA microarray analysis revealed upregulation of the integrin-induced EMT pathway in osimertinib-tolerant cells. Furthermore, we observed that PAI-1 inhibitors suppressed proliferation and the degree of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in tolerant cells. Finally, in a subcutaneous tumor model, we showed that combining osimertinib with a PAI-1 inhibitor prevented the regrowth of tumors comprising EGFR-mutated cancer cells. The present study is the first to show PAI-1 to be involved in tolerance to osimertinib via EMT.
BACKGROUND: More than 10% of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer (mBC) will develop Central Nervous System (CNS) metastases as first and isolated site of relapse on trastuzumab and pertuzumab first-line therapy. However, few clinical data are available to guide the best strategy in this setting. METHODS: Patients experiencing isolated CNS progression on trastuzumab and pertuzumab first-line therapy were retrospectively identified from the French Epidemiological Strategy and Medical Economics (ESME) real-life database between 2008 and 2016. RESULTS: Among 995 patients treated with first-line trastuzumab and pertuzumab for HER2-positive mBC, 132 patients (13%) experienced isolated CNS progression with a median time of 12 months after mBC diagnosis. Twelves patients did not receive any treatment and were excluded from the analysis. Among the 120 patients considered, 76 (63%) received CNS-directed local therapy, 73 (60%) continued trastuzumab and pertuzumab, whereas 47 (39%) started another systemic treatment. After a median follow-up of 21 months, there was no difference in progression-free survival for patient who continued trastuzumab-pertuzumab or switched to another systemic treatment. In multivariate analysis, trastuzumab-pertuzumab continuation was associated with longer OS (HR 0,28 IC 95%: 0,14-0,54 p < 0,001). mOS was not reached (95% 37.6-NE) and was 23.2 months (95% CI 15.5-53.6) in patients who continued trastuzumab and pertuzumab therapy and in patients who switched for another systemic therapy, respectively. CONCLUSION: In this real-life cohort, trastuzumab-pertuzumab continuation after local treatment for isolated CNS progression did not negatively impact PFS and OS. Prospective trials and assessment of new strategies are warranted in this specific situation.
Comparative oncology is defined as the discipline that integrates naturally occurring cancers seen in veterinary medicine, into more general studies of cancer biology and therapy in humans, including the study of cancer-pathogenesis and new cancer treatments. While experimental studies in mice and rodents offer several advantages, including a wealth of genetic information, reduced variation and short generation intervals, their relevance in cancer biology is somewhat limited. Toward this end, as the biomedical research community works to make the promise of precision medicine a reality, more efficient animal cohort studies are critical. Like humans, companion animals such as cats and dogs living in family homes, are exposed to environmental factors that may influence the development of disease. Furthermore, it has been shown that the basic biochemical and physiological processes of companion animals more closely resemble humans compared to rodents. Research has demonstrated that female domestic cats (Felis catus) may represent a comparative model for investigation of mammary carcinogenesis, and in particular, Triple Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC). TNBC is a subtype of breast cancer that typically lacks the expression of the oestrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and does not overexpress the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). An exciting and rapidly expanding area in cancer biology is the study of exosomes. Exosomes are nanoparticles released from cells and have been found in biological fluids of humans, domestic cats and dogs. In addition to their role as biomarkers, exosomes are implicated in the pathogenesis of certain diseases, including cancer. This review explores the current understanding of exosome biology in human TNBC, and of the potential benefits of comparative research in naturally-occurring mammary tumours in companion animals.
The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network classified gastric adenocarcinoma into four molecular subtypes: (1) Epstein-Barr virus-positive (EBV), (2) microsatellite-instable (MSI), (3) chromosomal instable (CIN), and (4) genomically stable (GS). The molecular subtypes of gastric hepatoid adenocarcinomas are still largely unknown. We analyzed 52 hepatoid adenocarcinomas for the expression of surrogate markers of molecular subtypes (MLH1, p53, and EBER in situ hybridization) and some biomarkers (p21, p16, Rb, cyclin D1, cyclin E, beta-catenin, Bcl-2, IMP3, ARID1A and HER2), and mutations of TP53, CTNNB1, KRAS, and BRAF. We analyzed 36 solid-type poorly differentiated adenocarcinomas as a control group. Hepatoid adenocarcinomas were categorized as follows: EBV group (EBER-positive), no cases (0%); MSI group (MLH1 loss), three cases (6%); "CIN or GS" (CIN/GS) group (EBER-negative, MLH1 retained), 49 cases (94%). In the CIN/GS group, most of the tumors (59%) had either p53 overexpression or TP53 mutation and a coexisting tubular intestinal-type adenocarcinoma component (90%), suggesting that most hepatoid adenocarcinomas should be categorized as a true CIN group. Hepatoid adenocarcinomas showed relatively frequent expressions of HER2 (score 3+/2+: 21%/19%). Hepatoid adenocarcinomas showed shorter survival, more frequent overexpressions of p16 (67%) and IMP3 (98%) than the control group. None of hepatoid adenocarcinomas had KRAS or CTNNB1 mutations except for one case each, and no hepatoid adenocarcinomas had BRAF mutation. In conclusion, gastric hepatoid adenocarcinomas are a genetically heterogenous group. Most hepatoid adenocarcinomas are "CIN," but a small number of hepatoid adenocarcinomas with MSI do exist. Hepatoid adenocarcinomas are characterized by overexpressions of p16 and IMP3.
Ovarian clear cell carcinoma can arise from endometriosis; however, it is distinct from other types of epithelial ovarian carcinoma in terms of its clinicopathological and molecular features. Cancer antigen 125 lacks the sensitivity and specificity required for accurate clinical diagnosis of clear cell carcinoma. Therefore, the aim of the current review was to identify novel biomarker candidates for the immunohistochemical and serological diagnosis of clear cell carcinoma. A search of the relevant English language literature published between 1966 and 2014 was conducted using the PubMed MEDLINE online database. High-throughput tissue microarray technology and proteomic screening combined with mass spectrometry may provide additional information regarding diagnostic biomarker candidates for ovarian clear cell carcinoma. The present review summarizes the characteristics of potential genomic alterations that activate cancer signaling pathways and, thus, contribute to carcinogenesis. The major signaling pathways activated in clear cell carcinoma are associated with cell cycle regulation (hepatitis A virus cellular receptor 1 and tumor protein D52), growth factor signaling (insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1; KiSS-1 metastasis-suppressor; erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2; and fibroblast growth factor receptor 2), anti-apoptosis and survival pathways [sialidase 3 (membrane sialidase)], metabolism (gamma-glutamyltransferase 1), chemoresistance (napsin A aspartic peptidase, glutathione peroxidase 3; and aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 family, member A1), coagulation [coagulation factor III (thromboplastin, tissue factor); and tissue factor pathway inhibitor 2], signaling (lectin, galactoside-binding and soluble, 3), and adhesion and the extracellular matrix [cadherin 1, type 1, E-cadherin (epithelial); versican; and laminin, alpha 5]. The present review of the relevant literature may provide a basis for additional clinical investigation of the ovarian clear cell carcinoma serum biomarker candidate proteins identified herein.
Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) frequently carries high epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression. Erlotinib, a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), is an effective inhibitor of EGFR activity; however, resistance to this drug can occur, limiting therapeutic outcomes. Therefore, in the current study, we aimed to unveil key intracellular molecules and adjuvant reagents to overcome erlotinib resistance. First, two HSC-3-derived erlotinib-resistant cell lines, ERL-R5 and ERL-R10, were established; both exhibited relatively higher growth rates, glucose utilization, epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), and invasiveness compared with parental cells. Cancer aggressiveness-related proteins, such as N-cadherin, Vimentin, Twist, MMP-2, MMP-9, and MMP-13, and the glycolytic enzymes PKM2 and GLUT1 were upregulated in ERL-R cells. Notably, ERL-R cells were sensitive to quercetin, a naturally-existing flavonol phytochemical with anti-cancer properties against various cancer cells. At a concentration of 5 muM, quercetin effectively arrested cell growth, reduced glucose utilization, and inhibited cellular invasiveness. An ERL-R5-derived xenograft mouse model confirmed the growth-inhibitory efficacy of quercetin. Additionally, knock-down of PKM2 by siRNA mimicked the effect of quercetin and re-sensitized ERL-R cells to erlotinib. Furthermore, adding quercetin blocked the development of erlotinib-mediated resistance by enhancing apoptosis. In conclusion, our data support the application of quercetin in anti-erlotinib-resistant OSCC and indicate that PKM2 is a determinant factor in erlotinib resistance and quercetin sensitivity.
Osimertinib, a third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), has been recommended as a first-line treatment of EGFR-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Skin rash is one of the most common side effects of osimertinib, and can have an impact on patients' quality of life and follow-up. However, there are few reports on the safety and efficacy of switching therapy with osimertinib and the other three generations of TKIs. In this paper, we present a case of NSCLC with an EGFR exon 19 deletion (19del) and MET gene amplification who developed a severe rash after 2 months of treatment with osimertinib that did not recur after switching to replacement therapy with aumonertinib. Our findings indicate that aumonertinib is as effective as osimertinib in treating EGFR19del, while also exhibiting a lower occurrence of adverse skin reactions. This may result in an improved quality of life for patients.
RATIONALE: This is the first known report to describe a case of advanced non-smoking lung adenocarcinoma with no epidermal growth factor receptor mutation after comprehensive epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor-based therapy that survived for nearly 12 years. PATIENT CONCERNS: A 48-year-old Chinese woman that came to our hospital with a left supraclavicular mass. DIAGNOSIS: The final diagnosis was left lung adenocarcinoma with left supraclavicular lymph node metastasis, cT1N3M0 IIIB (International association for the Study of lung cancer 6th version). INTERVENTIONS: After 4 months of 4 cycles of chemotherapy, gefitinib was administered alone for 5.5 years. Local radiotherapy (40GY/20F) was administered for 1 month, and osimertinib alone was followed for 4.5 years. A combination of pemetrexed with oxaliplatin and hyperthermia at the same time was administered for 4 cycles. Toripalimab and anlotinib were administered for 3 months. Since then, the patient had been taking a double dose of icotinib herself. OUTCOMES: The patient has survived for nearly 12 years since diagnosis of lung cancer. LESSONS: Our case is of significant importance to clinicians involved in the treatment of patients with advanced nonsmoking lung adenocarcinoma and no epidermal growth factor receptor mutations.
BACKGROUND: Cancer stemness has been proven to affect tumorigenesis, metastasis, and drug resistance in various cancers, including lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC). We intended to develop a clinically applicable stemness subtype classifier that could assist physicians in predicting patient prognosis and treatment response. METHODS: This study collected RNA-seq data from TCGA and GEO databases to calculate transcriptional stemness indices (mRNAsi) using the one-class logistic regression machine learning algorithm. Unsupervised consensus clustering was conducted to identify a stemness-based classification. Immune infiltration analysis (ESTIMATE and ssGSEA algorithms) methods were used to investigate the immune infiltration status of different subtypes. Tumor Immune Dysfunction and Exclusion (TIDE) and Immunophenotype Score (IPS) were used to evaluate the immunotherapy response. The pRRophetic algorithm was used to estimate the efficiency of chemotherapeutic and targeted agents. Two machine learning algorithms (LASSO and RF) and multivariate logistic regression analysis were performed to construct a novel stemness-related classifier. RESULTS: We observed that patients in the high-mRNAsi group had a better prognosis than those in the low-mRNAsi group. Next, we identified 190 stemness-related differentially expressed genes (DEGs) that could categorize LUSC patients into two stemness subtypes. Patients in the stemness subtype B group with higher mRNAsi scores exhibited better overall survival (OS) than those in the stemness subtype A group. Immunotherapy prediction demonstrated that stemness subtype A has a better response to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). Furthermore, the drug response prediction indicated that stemness subtype A had a better response to chemotherapy but was more resistant to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). Finally, we constructed a nine-gene-based classifier to predict patients' stemness subtype and validated it in independent GEO validation sets. The expression levels of these genes were also validated in clinical tumor specimens. CONCLUSION: The stemness-related classifier could serve as a potential prognostic and treatment predictor and assist physicians in selecting effective treatment strategies for patients with LUSC in clinical practice.
Indole-3-carbinol (I3C), a dietary chemopreventive compound, induced marked reduction in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) prior to cell death in cells representing three breast cancer subtypes. Signalling pathways, linking these events were investigated in detail. I3C modulated tyrosine phosphorylation from 30 min in four cell lines. In MDA-MB-468 and HBL100 cells, it induced Src activation after 5 h. In MDA-MB-468 cells, I3C induced signalling between 4.5 and 7 h, which involved sequential activation of Src, EGFR, STAT-1 and STAT-3, followed by EGFR degradation. It also induced physical association between activated Src and EGFR. In MCF7 and MDA-MB-231 cells, I3C modulated expression of cell cycle-related proteins, p21Cip1, p27Kip1, cyclin E, cyclin D1 and CDK6, with upregulation of p21Cip1 and cyclin E being dependent on Src. Inhibition of EGFR by specific inhibitors PD153035 or ZD1839 increased susceptibility to I3C-induced apoptosis of MCF7, MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-231 cells. Inhibition of Src sensitized MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-231 cells to I3C, whereas overexpression of c-Src increased resistance to I3C in MDA-MB-468 and HBL100 cells. Modulation of Src in MDA-MB-468 cells influenced the basal level of EGFR expression and cell viability; the latter being positively correlated with EGFR activation levels. Therefore, EGFR and Src activities are essential for I3C-induced cell cycle arrest and death; however, I3C-induced pathways depend on specific features of breast cancer cells. The cancer types, which rely on 'EGFR addiction' or Src deregulation, are likely to be susceptible to I3C.
Amplicon-based next generation sequencing (NGS) approaches have been preferentially adopted by the clinical laboratories on the basis of a short turnaround time (TAT) and small DNA input needs. However, little work has been done to assess the amplicon-based NGS methods for copy number variation (CNV) detection in comparison with current standard methods like immunohistochemistry (IHC) and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). The correlation between NGS based CNV detection and the later standard methods has remained unexplored. We developed an amplicon-based panel to detect human epidermal receptor growth factor (HER2) amplification in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tumor tissue samples from 280 breast cancer and 50 gastric cancer patients. Assessment by IHC and FISH was conducted in parallel, and descriptive statistics were used to assess the concordance. The copy number detected by NGS was correlated with either the average HER2 copy number (signals/cell) (r = 0.844; p < 0.001) or the HER2/CEP17 ratio (r = 0.815; p < 0.001). We determined a cut-off value for NGS to categorize HER2 amplification status by using 151 HER2 non-amplified FFPE samples. In breast cancer patients, the cut-off value was 2.910, with 95.35%, 98.67% and 97.29% sensitivity, specificity and concordance, respectively. However, this cut-off value displayed low sensitivity in gastric cancer patients (64.71%), and the following macrodissection procedure was not effective for increasing sensitivity (57.14%). Evaluation of HER2 copy number with NGS in our study was comparable with IHC and FISH in breast cancer patients, but concordance in gastric cancer was only moderate. The greater discordance in gastric cancer may reflect the underlying biological mechanisms, and further study is warranted. NGS-based HER2 assessment may decrease the equivocal HER2 determinations in breast cancer patients assessed by FISH/IHC.
BACKGROUND: Ixabepilone is a member of the epothilone class of antineoplastic agents with activity against taxane-resistant tumors, and low susceptibility to common mechanisms of tumor resistance. This study evaluated ixabepilone in lieu of a taxane in combination with carboplatin and trastuzumab as neoadjuvant treatment for operable HER2-positive breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients >/= 18 years of age with histologically-confirmed HER2-positive adenocarcinoma of the breast (clinical T1-T3, N0-N2, M0), normal left ventricular ejection fraction, and adequate organ function received trastuzumab 6 mg/kg intravenous (I.V.) (with 8 mg/kg loading dose cycle 1), ixabepilone 40 mg/m(2) I.V., and carboplatin area under the curve = 6.0 I.V. on day 1 of each 21-day cycle. Prophylactic growth factor support was permitted. After completing 6 cycles, patients underwent definitive surgery. After surgery, patients continued trastuzumab every 3 weeks for a total of 1 year. Locoregional radiation therapy and endocrine therapy was administered per institutional guidelines. The primary end point was the rate of pCR. RESULTS: Fifty-eight eligible women (median tumor size, 3.0 cm; clinical axillary lymph node involvement, 67%) initiated treatment between April 2009 and February 2010. Fifty-two patients (90%) underwent surgery, and pCR was observed in 27 patients (52%). Grade 3/4 neutropenia was the most common toxicity, occurring in 69% of patients and complicated by fever in 4 patients. CONCLUSION: The combination of ixabepilone, carboplatin, and trastuzumab was feasible and active as a neoadjuvant regimen. Although the pCR rate of 52% falls within the range reported with other taxane/trastuzumab-based regimens, the greater incidence of severe neutropenia is a disadvantage for this regimen.
INTRODUCTION: Immunotherapy has limited efficacy in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Understanding mechanisms mediating immune resistance in microsatellite stable (MSS) colorectal tumors remains an ongoing challenge. Novel combination immunotherapy-based approaches have been developed under the rationale of overcoming immune resistance and developing effective immune response against colorectal tumor cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that cetuximab may modulate immune response to cancer cells. In this scenario, the inhibition of PD-L1 with IgG1 MAb avelumab in combination with anti-EGFR IgG1 monoclonal antibody cetuximab could be a strategy for potentiating antitumor activity. The CAVE phase II single-arm clinical trial provided the first evidence of clinical activity of combining cetuximab plus avelumab in 77 patients with RAS wild-type (WT) mCRC. This combination had a good toxicity profile, with a low rate of common grade 3 adverse events. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Based on results obtained with the CAVE clinical trial, here we describe the design and rationale for the phase II, randomized CAVE 2 clinical study of the combination of avelumab plus cetuximab as a rechallenge strategy in pre-treated RAS, BRAF WT mCRC patients treated in first line with chemotherapy in combination with cetuximab and who have had a clinical benefit (complete or partial response) from treatment. A total of 173 patients will be randomized (2:1) to cetuximab + avelumab (115) or cetuximab as a single agent (58). The primary endpoint is overall survival. Key secondary endpoints include overall response rate, progression-free survival, and safety. For each patient, before treatment, a blood sample will be obtained and analyzed for circulating free tumor DNA according to NGS (Foundation/Roche), to identify RAS/BRAF WT patients to be enrolled. The same procedure will be performed at the progression of the disease. Additional blood/plasma, tumor, and fecal samples will be collected and centrally stored for additional translational studies. DISCUSSION: This study will provide the rationale to test immunotherapy-based combinations in the clinical setting, offering new opportunities for RAS WT mCRC patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT05291156], identifier [NCT05291156].
Neoadjuvant treatment provides an exceptional setting in which to monitor clinical, pathological, proliferative and molecular responses to aromatase inhibitors. Sequential measurements of the primary tumour provide an accurate assessment of clinical changes and the relatively easy access to the tumour within the breast means that biopsies are available for histological and molecular measurements before and during treatment. Large randomised trials (P024 and IMPACT) together with informative non-randomised studies have demonstrated clinical responses to third generation aromatase inhibitors in 40-70% of ER-positive tumours, rates generally significantly higher than observed with tamoxifen. Pathological responses in terms of reduced cellularity/increased fibrosis are also seen in 65-75% of cases. Whilst these are more often seen in clinically responding tumours, the correlation between clinical and pathological response is not absolute. A marked feature of treatment with third generation inhibitors is a reduction in cellular proliferation. Using Ki67 as a marker, this may be observed as early as 10-14 days into treatment. Reduction in proliferation with treatment may be seen in both clinically responding and non-responding tumours, although incidence and degree of effect are higher in responding cases. Aromatase inhibitor treatment frequently fails to reduce proliferation in tumours over-expressing HER-2. In terms of molecular events, aromatase inhibitor treatment is associated with changes in expression of genes classically associated with oestrogen regulation (KIAA0101, ZWINT, IRS1 and TFF1) and cell cycle progression, most notably mitotic phase proteins (CDC2, CCNB1 and CKS2). Changes occur both in clinically responding and non-responding tumours. Although expression of no individual gene correlates absolutely with response status, expression signatures can be produced which distinguish between responding and non-responding tumours. In terms of gene ontology, terms relating to macro-molecular biosynthesis, translation and structural components of ribosomes are significantly enriched. Finally, molecular signatures can be used to illustrate the relative homogeneity of responding tumours and the disparate nature of non-responding tumours suggesting multiple and diverse pathways associated with resistance.
Accumulating data suggest that metastatic dissemination often occurs early during tumour formation, but the mechanisms of early metastatic spread have not yet been addressed. Here, by studying metastasis in a HER2-driven mouse breast cancer model, we show that progesterone-induced signalling triggers migration of cancer cells from early lesions shortly after HER2 activation, but promotes proliferation in advanced primary tumour cells. The switch from migration to proliferation was regulated by increased HER2 expression and tumour-cell density involving microRNA-mediated progesterone receptor downregulation, and was reversible. Cells from early, low-density lesions displayed more stemness features, migrated more and founded more metastases than cells from dense, advanced tumours. Notably, we found that at least 80% of metastases were derived from early disseminated cancer cells. Karyotypic and phenotypic analysis of human disseminated cancer cells and primary tumours corroborated the relevance of these findings for human metastatic dissemination.
BACKGROUND: Anthracycline and taxane-based doublets have largely replaced cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and fluorouracil (CMF) as preferred regimens in the adjuvant treatment of breast cancer. Metronomic CMF is associated with improved tolerability over anthracycline or taxane-based regimens. Previously, there have been no direct comparisons between taxane-based regimens and CMF. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We performed a retrospective review of 98 breast cancer patients treated at the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance from February 2015 through December 2018 that received either metronomic CMF or docetaxel and cyclophosphamide (TC) as adjuvant therapy for early-stage, hormone receptor-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer. The primary outcome assessed was disease-free survival (DFS). Secondary outcomes included overall survival (OS), dose intensity, and adverse effects. RESULTS: With an average follow-up of 35.9 and 28.2 months for CMF and TC, respectively, there was no significant difference in DFS or OS between the chemotherapy regimens. DFS at 3 years was 96.7% vs. 94.3% and OS 96.7% vs. 100% for CMF and TC, respectively. There were more dose delays in the CMF group, but on average, patients receiving either regimen achieved a dose intensity >/=85%. There was a trend towards increased hospitalization or emergency department utilization (23.1% vs. 10.6%) and Grade 4 toxicities (9.6% vs. 4.3%) with TC vs. CMF. CONCLUSION: Metronomic CMF offers equivalent survival outcomes to TC and remains a viable option in the adjuvant treatment of HR+/HER2- breast cancer. There was a trend towards increased Grade 4 toxicities and hospitalizations with TC, suggesting that metronomic CMF may offer a more tolerable treatment option while maintaining excellent disease outcomes.
PURPOSE: Thyroid hormone withdrawal (THW) in preparation for radioactive iodine therapy (RIT) may lead to hyponatremia and hyperkalemia because hypothyroidism reduces the glomerular filtration rate. Using recombinant human thyrotropin (rhTSH) may avoid these changes; however, these two preparation methods have not been compared in the literature. The purpose of this study was to reveal whether THW and rhTSH as preparation methods for RIT affect serum electrolytes differently. We also evaluated clinical factors influencing the onset of hyponatremia and hyperkalemia during RIT. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From April 2005 to December 2020, we analyzed 278 patients with thyroid cancer who received RIT. The patients were classified into two groups based on the preparation method, and renal function and serum electrolytes were compared between the groups. We also evaluated clinical factors that may affect overt hyponatremia (serum sodium level < 134 mmol/L) and hyperkalemia (serum potassium level >/= 5.0 mmol/L). RESULTS: Serum sodium and chloride levels in the THW group were significantly lower than those in the rhTSH group (p < 0.001 and p = 0.002, respectively). In contrast, the serum potassium level in the THW group was significantly higher than that in the rhTSH group (p = 0.008). As for clinical factors that may influence hyponatremia, age and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were significantly associated with serum sodium level in the univariate analysis (p = 0.033 and p = 0.006, respectively). In the multivariate analysis, only age was significantly associated with serum sodium level (p = 0.030). Regarding hyperkalemia, distant metastases, the preparation method and eGFR were significantly associated with the serum potassium level in the univariate analysis (p = 0.005, p = 0.005 and p = 0.001, respectively). In the multivariate analysis, only eGFR was significantly associated with hyperkalemia (p = 0.019). CONCLUSION: THW and rhTSH affect serum sodium and potassium levels differently. Renal function may be risk factors for hyperkalemia, whereas older age may be a risk factor for hyponatremia.
The cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitors (CDK4/6i) have become the standard of care, in combination with antiestrogen therapy, for patients with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/HER2- advanced breast cancer. Various preclinical and translational research efforts have begun to shed light on the genomic and molecular landscape of resistance to these agents. Drivers of resistance to CDK4/6i therapy can be broadly subdivided into alterations impacting cell-cycle mediators and activation of oncogenic signal transduction pathways. The resistance drivers with the best translational evidence supporting their putative role have been identified via next-generation sequencing of resistant tumor biopsies in the clinic and validated in laboratory models of HR+ breast cancer. Despite the diverse landscape of resistance, several common, therapeutically actionable resistance nodes have been identified, including the mitotic spindle regulator Aurora Kinase A, as well as the AKT and MAPK signaling pathways. Based upon these insights, precision-guided therapeutic strategies are under active clinical development. This review will highlight the emerging evidence, in the clinic and in the laboratory, implicating this diverse spectrum of molecular resistance drivers.
BACKGROUND: In this phase II clinical trial, we evaluated the efficacy and safety of S-1 monotherapy in patients with previously treated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We also measured plasma concentrations of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and 5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxypyridine components of S-1 and examined correlation with effectiveness and toxicity. METHODS: S-1 was given orally at a dose of 80 mg/m(2)/day for 14 consecutive days, followed by a 7-day rest period. This treatment course was repeated until disease progression or intolerable toxicity. RESULTS: We enrolled 30 patients. The response rate was 26.7% (8/30), and the disease control rate was 70% (21/30). Median progression-free survival (PFS) was 3.1 months, and median overall survival (OS) was 11.2 months. Mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene were analyzed in 27 patients. The response rate was higher in patients with mutant EGFR (50.0%) than in those with wild-type EGFR (11.8%, P = 0.0288). Median PFS was 4.8 and 2.5 months (P = 0.038), and median OS was 22.4 and 8.4 months (P = 0.071). There was no grade 4 toxicity in this study. Five patients had grade 3 non-hematologic toxicity, and there was a trend toward higher plasma concentrations of 5-FU in those patients than in another patients. CONCLUSIONS: S-1 monotherapy is effective and well-tolerated treatment for previously treated advanced NSCLC.
Standard treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) historically consisted of systemic cytotoxic chemotherapy until the early 2000s, when precision medicine led to a revolutionary change in the therapeutic scenario. The identification of oncogenic driver mutations in EGFR, ALK and ROS1 rearrangements identified a subset of patients who largely benefit from targeted agents. However, since the proportion of patients with druggable alterations represents a minority, the discovery of new potential driver mutations is still an urgent clinical need. We provide a comprehensive review of the emerging molecular targets in NSCLC and their applications in the advanced setting.
BACKGROUND: To report our experience for endoscopic treatment of upper urinary tract carcinoma (UTUC) in patients with imperative indications for management. METHODS: Retrospective data were collected for all patients who underwent endoscopic management of UTUC for imperative situations, from September 2013 to January 2019. Comorbidity was determined by using the age-adjusted Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI). The primary endpoint of the study was overall survival (OS). Secondary outcomes were recurrence-free survival (RFS) rates, complication rates and global renal function. RESULTS: A total of 29 patients were enrolled in the study. The median age was 69.0 (IQR 63.0-79.0) years and the median CCI was 6 (IQR 4-8). Overall, 137 endoscopic procedures were performed; 117 (85.4%) had no complication. Clavien-Dindo grade III and IV complications were 3 (2.2%) and 1 (0.7%) respectively. The median follow-up of 23 months (IQR 14-35). During the follow-up, 2 (6.9%) patients died for cause not related to cancer. Recurrence of UTUC occurred in 18 patients (61.1%). The 24-month OS was 96.4+/-3.5% and the 24-month RFS was 31.7+/-9.4%. Lower RFS rates were found in high grade tumor patients (22.2+/-13.9%) compared to low grade tumor patients (35.6+/-12.3%) (P=0.237). There was statistical difference in creatinine and eGFR values when comparing baseline to last follow-up (P=0.018 and P=0.005, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Endoscopic management of UTUC in patients with imperative indications appears to be a reasonable alternative to nephroureterectomy. However, stringent endoscopic follow-up is necessary due to the high risk of disease recurrence.
PURPOSE: The 21-gene Breast Recurrence Score test predicts benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy in estrogen receptor-positive, HER2-negative (ER+/HER2-) breast cancer (BC). We examined whether the 21-gene assay predicts response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT). METHODS: We identified patients with stage I-III ER+/HER2- BC treated with NCT from the Young Women's Breast Cancer Study, a prospective cohort of women diagnosed with BC at age </=40 years. The 21-gene assay was performed on tumor specimens removed prior to NCT either as part of clinical care or retrospectively for research. Pathological complete response (pCR) was defined as ypT0/is ypN0. The relationship between Recurrence Score result and pCR was evaluated using logistic regression modeling. RESULTS: 76 women received NCT for ER+/HER2- BC and were eligible for this analysis. Median age at diagnosis was 37 years (range 24-40). Scores ranged between 5 and 77 with 50% >25 and 5% <11. Median Recurrence Score result was significantly higher among tumors achieving pCR vs. non-pCR response (61.5 vs. 23, p(wilcoxon) = 0.0005). pCR rate in patients with scores >25 was 21% (8/38) vs. 5% in patients with scores <25 (2/38) (p = 0.09), with both pCRs in the <25 group in patients with scores between 21 and 25. In multivariable analysis, only Recurrence Score result was significantly associated with pCR (OR: 1.07, 95%CI 1.01-1.12, p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In young women with ER+/HER2- BC who received NCT, higher pretreatment Recurrence Score result was associated with an increased likelihood of pCR. Gene expression profile assays may have a role in decision making in young women in need of neoadjuvant therapy.
OBJECTIVE: There is growing evidence from observational studies that lifestyle factors such as obesity, an unhealthy diet and lack of physical activity are associated with poor long-term outcome in women with breast cancer. The primary objective of the lifestyle modification part of the Simultaneous Study of Docetaxel Based Anthracycline Free Adjuvant Treatment Evaluation, as well as Life Style Intervention Strategies (SUCCESS C) Trial is to investigate the effect of an individualised lifestyle intervention programme aiming at moderate weight loss on disease-free survival in women with HER2/neu-negative breast cancer. Secondary objectives include the effect of the intervention on body weight, cardiovascular risk and quality of life. METHODS: The SUCCESS C Trial is an open-label, multicentre, randomised controlled phase III study using a 2x2 factorial design in women with newly diagnosed HER2/neu-negative intermediate-risk to high-risk breast cancer. The first randomisation served to compare disease-free survival in patients treated with two different chemotherapy regimens (3642 participants). The second randomisation served to compare disease-free survival in patients with a body mass index of 24-40 kg/m(2) (2292 participants) receiving either a telephone-based individualised lifestyle intervention programme for moderate weight loss or general recommendations for a healthy lifestyle for 2 years. Outcome analyses will be conducted after 5 years of follow-up. PERSPECTIVE: This study will provide information on the efficacy and safety of a comprehensive lifestyle intervention programme on disease-free survival in a large cohort of women with breast cancer. EU Clinical Trials Identifier: 2008-005453-38.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer (BC) is one of the most lethal malignant tumors and the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Although early diagnostic techniques for BC have been well developed, 40% of cases are still diagnosed at the advanced stage, while for BC patients with distant metastases, the 5-year survival rate is usually lower than 30%. The Snail family, generally regarded as transcriptional repressors, has been indicated to be an essential prognostic factor in malignant tumors. However, limited data exist on public databases concerning the prognostic value of individual Snail family members in BC, especially SNAI3. METHODS: Data from public databases including cBioPortal for Cancer Genomics, Gene Expression Omnibus, UCSC Xena Browser, and Human Protein Atlas (HPA) were downloaded. Based on the Kaplan not-Meier plotter platform, correlation of the three members of the Snail family and prognosis in BC were analyzed. Individual Snail family members and their co-expressed genes were respectively enriched on different pathways and biological processes via the functional enrichment analysis (FunRich) tool. RESULTS: High SNAI1 mRNA expression was associated with shorter distant metastasis-free survival (DMFS) in all BC patients regardless of PAM50 subtype. Conversely, high SNAI3 mRNA expression was associated with longer DMFS. Although the presence of SNAI2 expression was significantly associated with DMFS in the whole cohort, no significant correlation was found in patients with luminal A or HER2 subtype. For patients with the most diverse clinicopathological features, high SNAI1 expression was associated with poor survival, with the converse being true for SNAI3. However, the impact on prognosis of patients with different clinicopathological features produced by SNAI2 expression was inconclusive. Furthermore, we discovered that SNAI1 or SNAI2 and their co-expressed genes frequently enriched receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) signaling and integrin-related pathways which mainly functioned on epithelial-mesenchymal transition and were further involved in several processes of signal transduction and cell communication. Furthermore, as SNAI3, along with its co-expressed genes, enriched immune-related pathways, it may thus play a role in mediating the immune system. CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis revealed that SNAI1 mRNA expression may potentially be a negative prognostic factor, whereas SNAI3 mRNA was associated with positive prognosis in BC. Therefore, the assessment of SNAI1 and SNAI3 expression may be valuable for predicting prognosis in BC patients.
BACKGROUND: RNases are currently studied as non-mutagenic alternatives to the harmful DNA-damaging anticancer drugs commonly used in clinical practice. Many mammalian RNases are not potent toxins due to the strong inhibition by ribonuclease inhibitor (RI) presented in the cytoplasm of mammalian cells. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: In search of new effective anticancer RNases we studied the effects of barnase, a ribonuclease from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens, on human cancer cells. We found that barnase is resistant to RI. In MTT cell viability assay, barnase was cytotoxic to human carcinoma cell lines with half-inhibitory concentrations (IC(50)) ranging from 0.2 to 13 microM and to leukemia cell lines with IC(50) values ranging from 2.4 to 82 microM. Also, we characterized the cytotoxic effects of barnase-based immunoRNase scFv 4D5-dibarnase, which consists of two barnase molecules serially fused to the single-chain variable fragment (scFv) of humanized antibody 4D5 that recognizes the extracellular domain of cancer marker HER2. The scFv 4D5-dibarnase specifically bound to HER2-positive cells and was internalized via receptor-mediated endocytosis. The intracellular localization of internalized scFv 4D5-dibarnase was determined by electronic microscopy. The cytotoxic effect of scFv 4D5-dibarnase on HER2-positive human ovarian carcinoma SKOV-3 cells (IC(50) = 1.8 nM) was three orders of magnitude greater than that of barnase alone. Both barnase and scFv 4D5-dibarnase induced apoptosis in SKOV-3 cells accompanied by internucleosomal chromatin fragmentation, membrane blebbing, the appearance of phosphatidylserine on the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane, and the activation of caspase-3. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These results demonstrate that barnase is a potent toxic agent for targeting to cancer cells.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), a member of ErbB receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) family, is activated through growth factor-induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton and subsequent dimerization. We herein explored the molecular mechanism underlying the suppression of ligand-induced EGFR dimerization by CD99 agonists and its relevance to tumor growth in vivo. Epidermal growth factor (EGF) activated the formation of c-Src/focal adhesion kinase (FAK)-mediated intracellular complex and subsequently induced RhoA-and Rac1-mediated actin remodeling, resulting in EGFR dimerization and endocytosis. In contrast, CD99 agonist facilitated FAK dephosphorylation through the HRAS/ERK/PTPN12 signaling pathway, leading to inhibition of actin cytoskeletal reorganization via inactivation of the RhoA and Rac1 signaling pathways. Moreover, CD99 agonist significantly suppressed tumor growth in a BALB/c mouse model injected with MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells. Taken together, these results indicate that CD99-derived agonist ligand inhibits epidermal growth factor (EGF)-induced EGFR dimerization through impairment of cytoskeletal reorganization by PTPN12-dependent c-Src/FAK inactivation, thereby suppressing breast cancer growth.
Biologic agents represent an already proven addition in the armamentarium of anticancer weapons. Anti-HER2 therapy was the first to demonstrate survival benefit by associating a targeted agent to cytotoxic chemotherapy. Four major adjuvant trials--Herceptin Adjuvant (HERA), National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project (NSABP) B-31, North Central Cancer Treatment Group (NCCTG) N9831, and Breast Cancer International Research Group (BCIRG) 006--including more than 13,000 women with HER-2-positive early breast cancer, have investigated different adjuvant treatment approaches with trastuzumab. These trials have shown that trastuzumab reduces the 3-year risk of recurrence by about half in this patient population. Accurate testing for HER2 amplification/overexpression is essential before treatment initiation. Patients progressing while on combined chemotherapy and trastuzumab may still benefit from continuation of trastuzumab with other agents; evidence also supports the use of the capecitabine/lapatinib combination in this setting, which improves response and time to further tumor progression. Antiangiogenic therapy with bevacizumab in association with weekly paclitaxel improves disease-free survival for metastatic breast cancer patients. Future studies will provide much needed data on predicting response to biologic therapies, revealing the mechanisms of resistance to such therapies and maximizing the patient's benefit.
Although, gastric cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide, alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) producing human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) positive gastric cancers are rare. AFP producing gastric cancer has a poor prognosis and an appropriate treatment option has not been established to date. A 75-year-old woman with AFP- producing gastric cancer was treated with S-1, an oral fluoropyrimidine derivative, chemotherapy after distal gastrectomy. Recurrence of gastric cancer was observed after 18 months and immunohistochemistry analysis showed AFP and HER2 positive gastric cancer. The patient received combination therapy containing capecitabine, cisplatin, and trastuzumab. Computed tomography scans showed regression of the lymph node metastasis. The patient's quality of life substantially improved after the treatment. Thus, the present case suggests that AFP and HER2 positive gastric cancer can be effectively treated with, capecitabine, cisplatin, and trastuzumab combination therapy.
This study aims at evaluating the impact of age on patterns of care in elderly patients with metastatic breast cancer (MBC) and their outcome. We identified 177 patients aged >/= 65 treated for MBC at the National Cancer Center Hospital in Japan from 1999 to 2007. We evaluated the impact of age on the selection of best supportive care (BSC) only, chemotherapy as first-line treatment, and chemotherapy after first-line endocrine therapy. Fisher's exact test and a multivariate logistic regression analysis with variables of age, performance status (PS), hormone receptor (HR) status, human epidermal growth factor-2 (HER2), and life-threatening disease (LTD) were used. The median age of patients was 72, and 60 patients (33.9%) were aged >/= 75. HR-negative patients and those whose PS was >/= 2, regardless of age, were more likely to choose BSC without chemotherapy. Multivariate analysis revealed age >/= 75 (P = 0.018), positive-HR status (P < 0.001), and absence of LTD (P < 0.001) were significantly correlated to choose endocrine therapy rather than chemotherapy. In patients who had previous endocrine therapy, age (P = 0.008) and absence of HER2 (P = 0.018) were related not to choose chemotherapy. Not age but HR-negative status or PS >/= 2 were related to the selection of BSC. In selecting endocrine therapy rather than chemotherapy, age (>/= 75), HR-positive, and absence of LTD were significant factors. In patients failed to endocrine therapy, age and HER2 status were correlated to decision-making to choose chemotherapy.
INTRODUCTION: SMARCA4 inactivation occurs in a subset of non-small cell lung carcinomas (NSCLC) and undifferentiated thoracic tumors, typically as an early clonal alteration in smokers. While rarely observed as an acquired event, the frequency and significance remain unclear. Given the aggressive nature of SMARCA4-deficient thoracic tumors, we hypothesized that SMARCA4 inactivation could represent a mechanism of progression and resistance following therapy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We report an index case of a patient with surgically-resected lung adenocarcinoma acquiring a SMARCA4 alteration at progression. We then conducted a retrospective analysis of 4154 patients with tumor genomic profiles, identifying NSCLC patients >/= 2 sequencing tests. Clonally-related samples with pathogenic SMARCA4 mutations were further investigated alongside clinical and histopathologic features at each timepoint. RESULTS: Of 354 patients with >/= 2 clonally-related tumor samples, seven (2.0 %) acquired a pathogenic SMARCA4 mutation following systemic therapy for advanced or recurrent disease. Median age was 60 years; 57 % were women and 71 % never smokers. Oncogenic drivers (EGFR, ERBB2, ROS1, KRAS, and BRAF) were identified in 6/7 (86 %) cases. All patients in the retrospective cohort received intervening systemic therapy, either tyrosine kinase inhibitors or chemoimmunotherapy. In 5/7 cases, SMARCA4 acquisition was observed in association with an increase in tumor mutational burden, often with APOBEC signatures. In 2/7 cases, SMARCA4 acquisition corresponded with worsening tumor grade and loss of TTF1/Napsin A expression. CONCLUSION: Acquired pathogenic SMARCA4 mutations are rare but may emerge under systemic therapy pressure, often alongside increased TMB. Morphologic changes accompanying the loss of SMARCA4 expression suggest pathobiological significance in select cases.
Angiogenesis plays a key role in tumour growth and the formation of metastases. Angiogenesis inhibitors and antivascular agents may prove useful in the treatment of breast cancer. A comprehensive characterization of the vasculature and perfusion of mammary tumours is a prerequisite for developing new specific drugs. We used sidestream dark field videomicroscopy to evaluate in vivo the vascular network of spontaneous mammary tumours in HER2/neu transgenic mice. The tumour masses showed higher vessel density compared with the healthy mammary gland (median (interquartile range) total vessel density 16.8 (13.4-20.5) vs 9.1 (8.1-10.9) mm/mm(2), respectively; P < 0.001). Tumor vessel density was reduced in mice treated with the anti-angiogenesis agent berberine, 12.1 (10.6-13.1) mm/mm(2). Sidestream dark field imaging is a versatile technique that may be useful for understanding the role of angiogenesis in the progression of breast cancer and its relationship with outcome. It may represent a valuable tool for dynamic monitoring of the effects of new anti-angiogenesis therapies.
The use of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) has revolutionized cancer treatment. The conjugation of mAbs to nanoparticles has been broadly exploited to improve the targeting efficiency of drug nanocarriers taking advantage of high binding efficacy and target selectivity of antibodies for specific cell receptors. However, the therapeutic implications of nanoconjugation have been poorly considered. In this study, half-chain fragments of the anti-EGFR mAb cetuximab were conjugated to colloidal nanoparticles originating stable nanoconjugates that were investigated as surrogates of therapeutic mAbs in triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). Three TNBC cell lines were selected according to EGFR expression, which regulates activation of MAPK/ERK and PI3K/Akt pathways, and to distinctive molecular profiling including KRAS, PTEN, and BRCA1 mutations normally associated with diverse sensitivity to treatment with cetuximab. The molecular mechanisms of action of nanoconjugated half-chain mAb, including cell targeting, interference with downstream signaling pathways, proliferation, cell cycle, and apoptosis, along with triggering of ADCC response, were investigated in detail in sensitive and resistant TNBC cells. We found that half-chain mAb nanoconjugation was able to enhance the therapeutic efficacy and improve the target selectivity against sensitive, but unexpectedly also resistant, TNBC cells. Viability assays and signaling transduction modulation suggested a role of BRCA1 mutation in TNBC resistance to cetuximab alone, whereas its effect could be circumvented using half-chain cetuximab nanoconjugates, suggesting that nanoconjugation not only improved the antibody activity but also exerted different mechanisms of action. Our results provide robust evidence of the potential of half-chain antibody nanoconjugates in the treatment of TNBC, which could offer a new paradigm for therapeutic antibody administration, potentially allowing improved curative efficiency and reduced minimal effective dosages in both sensitive and resistant tumors.
AIMS: The aim of this study is to understand the underlying mechanisms regulating the adverse effect of diarrhea caused by epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). MAIN METHODS: We comparatively examined the effects of two EGFR-TKIs, gefitinib and icotinib, on intestinal epithelial cells (IEC-6). Cell proliferation was measured using MTT analysis. Expression of multiple cytokines was assayed by real-time PCR. Cell cycle and apoptosis of IEC were evaluated using flow cytometry. Protein levels were determined by Western blot. KEY FINDINGS: These two EGFR-TKIs exerted cytotoxicity to inhibit proliferation and induce apoptosis in IEC-6 cells. These effects are due to the ability of these EGFR-TKIs to cause cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 by regulating the expression of cyclin D1 and p27. In addition, gefitinib and icotinib significantly suppressed the levels of cell adhesion molecules while increasing the expression of the proinflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-25. Finally, these EGFR-TKIs triggered an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response, characterized by the activation of the RNA dependent protein kinase-like ER kinase (PERK) pathway and the transcriptional induction of XBP-1 signaling, resulting in ER-mediated cell death. Moreover, gefitinib exerted more cytotoxicity than icotinib on IEC-6 cells. SIGNIFICANCE: Because diarrhea is a common adverse event occurring in patients receiving small-molecular EGFR-TKI chemotherapy, the results of this study are clinically significant. The finding that icotinib exerts less cytotoxic activity than gefitinib on IEC-6 cells indicates its usefulness as a less toxic treatment option for non-small-cell lung cancer.
BACKGROUND: Allelic loss in chromosome 3p is one of the most frequent and earliest genetic events in lung carcinogenesis. We investigated if the loss of microRNA-128b, a microRNA located on chromosome 3p and a putative regulator of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), correlated with response to targeted EGFR inhibition. Loss of microRNA-128b would be equivalent to losing a tumor suppressor gene because it would allow increased expression of EGFR. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We initially showed that microRNA-128b is a regulator of EGFR in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines. We tested microRNA-128b expression levels by quantitative RT-PCR, genomic copy number by quantitative PCR, and mutations in the mature microRNA-128b by sequencing. We determined whether microRNA-128b loss of heterozygosity (LOH) in 58 NSCLC patient samples correlated with response to gefitinib and evaluated EGFR expression and mutation status. RESULTS: We determined that microRNA-128b directly regulates EGFR. MicroRNA-128b LOH was frequent in tumor samples and correlated significantly with clinical response and survival following gefitinib. EGFR expression and mutation status did not correlate with survival outcome. CONCLUSION: Identifying microRNA regulators of oncogenes could have far-reaching implications for lung cancer patients including improving patient selection for targeted agents, development of novel therapeutics, or development as early biomarkers of disease.
PURPOSE: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, phase II trial assessed the efficacy and safety of adagloxad simolenin (OBI-822; a Globo H epitope covalently linked to keyhole limpet hemocyanin (KLH)) with adjuvant OBI-821 in metastatic breast cancer (MBC). METHODS: At 40 sites in Taiwan, USA, Korea, India, and Hong Kong, patients with MBC of any molecular subtype and </=2 prior progressive disease events with stable/responding disease after the last anticancer regimen were randomized (2:1) to adagloxad simolenin (AS/OBI-821) or placebo, subcutaneously for nine doses with low-dose cyclophosphamide. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints included overall survival, correlation of clinical outcome with humoral immune response and Globo H expression, and safety. RESULTS: Of 349 patients randomized, 348 received study drug. Patients with the following breast cancer subtypes were included: hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) (70.4%), triple negative (12.9%), and HER2+ (16.7%), similarly distributed between treatment arms. Median PFS was 7.6 months (95% CI: 6.5-10.9) with AS/OBI-821 (n=224) and 9.2 months (95% CI: 7.3-11.3) with placebo (n=124) (HR=0.96; 95% CI: 0.74-1.25; p=0.77), with no difference by breast cancer subtype. AS/OBI-821 recipients with anti-Globo H IgG titer >/=1:160 had significantly longer median PFS (11.1 months (95% CI: 9.3-17.6)) versus those with titers <1:160 (5.5 months (95% CI: 3.7-5.6); HR=0.52; p<0.0001) and placebo recipients (HR=0.71; p=0.03). Anti-KLH immune responses were similar at week 40 between AS/OBI-821 recipients with anti-Globo IgG titer >/=1:160 and those with anti-Globo IgG titer <1:160. The most common adverse events with AS/OBI-821 were grade 1 or 2 injection site reactions (56.7%; placebo, 8.9%) and fever (20.1%; placebo, 6.5%). CONCLUSION: AS/OBI-821 did not improve PFS in patients with previously treated MBC. However, humoral immune response to Globo H correlated with improved PFS in AS/OBI-821 recipients, leading the way to further marker-driven studies. Treatment was well tolerated.NCT01516307.
Metastasis has been one of the major reasons for cancer-related mortality, with multiple genes and pathways being involved in this complex process. Given the molecular variations underlying metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remains largely unknown; in our previous work, we found copying number of protocadherin-17 (PCDH-17) was significantly deleted in HCC tissues that occurred to metastasize compared with that in the primary HCC without metastasis. Therefore, we hypothesized that PCDH-17 may suppress the metastasis of HCC. There has been, however, no relevant literature available regarding PCDH-17 in HCC. In the present study, we have immunohistochemically detected and clinicopathologically analyzed the expression of PCDH-17 in vivo in clinical tissues; besides, we have explored the role of PCDH-17 ex vivo using a panel of HCC cell lines. It was discovered that PCDH-17 expression was clinically correlated with overall prognosis as well as metastasis in vivo and that PCDH-17 inhibited metastasis via EGFR/MEK/ERK signaling pathway ex vivo. Together, our results obtained both in vivo and ex vivo suggested that activation of EGFR/MEK/ERK signaling pathway through PCDH-17 promotes metastasis in HCC.
Mutations in oncogenes such as KRAS and EGFR cause a high proportion of lung cancers. Drugs targeting these proteins cause tumor regression but ultimately fail to elicit cures. As a result, there is an intense interest in how to best combine targeted therapies with other treatments, such as immunotherapies. However, preclinical systems for studying the interaction of lung tumors with the host immune system are inadequate, in part due to the low tumor mutational burden in genetically engineered mouse models. Here we set out to develop mouse models of mutant KRAS-driven lung cancer with an elevated tumor mutational burden by expressing the human DNA cytosine deaminase, APOBEC3B, to mimic the mutational signature seen in human lung cancer. This failed to substantially increase clonal tumor mutational burden and autochthonous tumors remained refractory to immunotherapy. However, establishing clonal cell lines from these tumors enabled the generation of an immunogenic syngeneic transplantation model of KRAS-mutant lung adenocarcinoma that was sensitive to immunotherapy. Unexpectedly, antitumor immune responses were not directed against neoantigens but instead targeted derepressed endogenous retroviral antigens. The ability of KRASG12C inhibitors to cause regression of KRASG12C -expressing tumors was markedly potentiated by the adaptive immune system, highlighting the importance of using immunocompetent models for evaluating targeted therapies. Overall, this model provides a unique opportunity for the study of combinations of targeted and immunotherapies in immune-hot lung cancer. SIGNIFICANCE: This study develops a mouse model of immunogenic KRAS-mutant lung cancer to facilitate the investigation of optimal combinations of targeted therapies with immunotherapies.
Aromatase inhibitors are proving to be more effective than tamoxifen for postmenopausal estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer. However, the inevitable development of resistance to treatment is a concern. We investigated the effects of novel retinoic acid metabolism blocking agent, VN/14-1, in overcoming letrozole resistance in long-term letrozole cultured (LTLC) cells. Compared with MCF-7 cells stably transfected with aromatase (MCF-7Ca), LTLC cells were no longer sensitive to growth inhibition by aromatase inhibitors. The HER-2/phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinase (pMAPK) growth factor signaling pathways were activated, and ERalpha and coactivator amplified in breast cancer 1 (AIB1) were up-regulated approximately 3-fold in LTLC cells. VN/14-1 inhibited aromatase activity and growth values of in MCF-7Ca cells with IC(50) of 8.5 and 10.5 nmol/L, respectively. In human placental microsomes, aromatase activity was inhibited with IC(50) of 8.0 pmol/L. The IC(50) in LTLC cells was 0.83 nmol/L, similar to letrozole (IC(50), 0.3 nmol/L) in MCF-7Ca cells. LTLC cells were 10-fold more sensitive to growth inhibition by VN/14-1 than MCF-7Ca cells. VN/14-1 treatment effectively down-regulated ERalpha, AIB1, pMAPK, HER-2, cyclin D1, cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4), and Bcl2 and up-regulated cytokeratins 8/18, Bad, and Bax. Tumor growth of LTLC cells in ovariectomized nude mice was independent of estrogens but was inhibited by VN/14-1 (20 mg/kg/d; P < 0.002). Decreases in ERalpha, cyclin D1, CDK4, and pMAPK and up-regulation of cytokeratins, Bad, and Bax with VN/14-1 in tumor samples may be responsible for the efficacy of this compound in inhibiting LTLC cell growth in vitro and in vivo.
BACKGROUND: The interest in platinum salts in breast cancer (BC) therapy has been recently renewed as inhibition of DNA damage response may enhance the effects of DNA-damaging agents in BC tumors with high genomic instability. The present systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials were performed to assess the efficacy and safety of therapy with platinum salts in patients with locally advanced or metastatic (hereinafter advanced) BC. METHODS: We searched PubMed, EMBASE, SCOPUS, Web of Science, the Cochrane Library, and CINAHL for phase II/III clinical trials that assessed efficacy of platinum-based therapy in patients with advanced BC. Pooled estimates of overall response rate (RR), median progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were computed using random or fixed effects models. RESULTS: Data on 4625 patients from 23 phase II and III trials (11 with cisplatin, 11 with carboplatin, and 1 with either agents respectively) were analyzed. Estimates for RR, PFS, and OS were obtained from 23, 13, and 15 studies, respectively. Although at the cost of significantly increased fatigue, hematological and gastrointestinal toxicity, compared with non-platinum schemas, cisplatin, and carboplatin prolonged OS (HR 0.91; 95 % CI 0.83-1.00, p = 0.04), PFS (HR 0.84; 95 % CI 0.73-0.97, p = 0.01), and RR (HR 1.27; 95 % CI 1.03-1.57, p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Despite some limitations of the studies examined, including partial information on hormonal receptor and HER2 status, the use of platinum salts significantly prolonged OS, and PFS of patients with advanced BC with no unexpected toxicity.
First-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are used as first-line therapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring a sensitizing mutation in the EGFR gene. Unfortunately, resistance to these therapies often occurs within 10 months of commencing treatment and is mostly commonly due to the development of the EGFR T790M mutation. Treatment with the third-generation EGFR TKI, osimertinib can prolong progression free survival in patients with the T790M mutation, so it is important to determine the resistance mechanism in order to plan ongoing therapeutic strategies. Here we review the evidence and make recommendations for the timing of T790M mutation testing, the most appropriate specimens to test and the available testing methods in patients progressing during treatment with first line EGFR TKIs for NSCLC.
After the failure of first-line epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) therapy, some non-small cell lung cancer patients desire to receive switching with another EGFR-TKI (TKI-switching), although cytotoxic chemotherapy has been recommended as second-line therapy. It is unclear who should not receive TKI-switching in these patients. We retrospectively evaluated overall survival (OS) from the initiation of first EGFR-TKI (first-TKI) therapy in advanced lung adenocarcinoma patients with active EGFR mutations (deletion of exon 19 or L858R in exon 21) who received TKI-switching according to the best response of the first-TKI. There was no difference in the OS between patients receiving TKI-switching (n = 35) and patients receiving additional chemotherapy between the first-TKI and second-TKI therapy (n =10) (P = 0.614). Among patients receiving TKI-switching, the OS in cases with progressive disease to the first-TKI (n = 9) was shorter than that in cases with disease control to the first-TKI (n = 26) (12.7 months vs. 49.4 months, P < 0.001). Five of the nine progressive disease cases who received TKI-switching missed an opportunity to receive chemotherapy. Their OS tended to be shorter than that in patients who received chemotherapy during the whole period of anticancer therapy (12.2 months vs. 20.3 months, P = 0.060). The multivariate analysis showed that disease control to the first-TKI therapy (P = 0.005) or the presence of chemotherapy (P = 0.087) decreased the risk of mortality. Chemotherapy should be performed in patients with progressive disease to the first-TKI.
EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) has been used successfully in clinic for the treatment of solid tumors. In the present study, we reported the discovery of WS-157 from our in-house diverse compound library, which was validated to be a potent and selective EGFR-TKI. WS-157 showed excellent inhibitory activities against EGFR (IC(50) = 0.81 nmol/L), EGFR([d746-750]) (IC(50) = 1.2 nmol/L) and EGFR([L858R]) (IC(50) = 1.1 nmol/L), but was less effective or even inactive against other nine kinases. WS-157 also displayed excellent antiproliferative activities against a panel of human cancer cell lines, and exhibited the ability to reduce colony formation and wound healing the same as gefitinib. We found that WS-157 upon oral administration showed better anti-tumor activity in A431 bearing xenograft mouse models compared to gefitinib. In addition, WS-157 showed better intestinal absorption than gefitinib and had favorable pharmacokinetic properties and microsomal metabolic stability in different species. These studies indicate that WS-157 has strong antitumor activity in vitro and in vivo, and could be used for the development of anti-lung cancer agent targeting EGFR.
Gastric cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed and the second leading cause of cancer death worldwide. Surgery combined with multimodal therapy remains the only curative therapy. However, local relapse or distant metastases occur in more than 50% of radically resected patients. Due to molecular therapies, targeting HER2 and angiogenesis, major advances in the treatment of gastric cancer could be achieved. Nevertheless, development of resistance to monoclonal antibodies, such as trastuzumab, is arising. Currently a number of promising new therapeutic are under investigation, combining chemotherapy with newly developed agents to overcome cancer resistance. In this review we report current clinical applications of targeted therapies and overview ongoing trials, investigating the use of monoclonal antibodies in (HER2 positive) gastric cancer.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the relation between C5aR2 and clinicopathological parameters of breast cancer.                   Study Design: Observational study. Place and Duration of the Study: Department of Histopathology, PNS Shifa Hospital, Karachi, from January to June 2023.   Methodology: One hundred and twenty-eight women, aged 24-90 years with histologically proven diagnosis of breast cancer, were included in the study. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was performed to evaluate the C5aR2 expression by its percentage and intensity. The C5aR2 staining was observed in membranes and/or cytoplasm. The immunoreactive score (IRS) was obtained and its association was analysed with clinicopathological parameters of breast cancer. SPSS version 27 was used to analyse the data.                      Results: The C5aR2 expression was higher in tumour cells (90.6%) compared to stromal cells (53.1%), predominantly exhibiting cytoplasmic localisation. Higher C5aR2 expression was observed in older age groups, higher-grade tumours, and ER/PR/HER2 and HER2 positive tumours. Moreover, tumours with poor treatment response also showed increased C5aR2 expression compared to those with good treatment response. Although no significant association was identified between C5aR2 expression and Ki67, increased C5aR2 expression has been found in tumours with high cell proliferation rates. CONCLUSION: In this study, an association between tumour and stromal cell C5aR2 expression and age, grade, receptor status, proliferation rate, and post-treatment response was identified. KEY WORDS: Breast cancer, C5aR2, Cancer associated fibroblasts, Immunohistochemistry, Ki67.
According to the literature available, HER2(human epidermal growth factor 2)status in gastric carcinoma has been studied worldwide, however there is a paucity of published data from India. Hence, this study was taken up to evaluate HER2 overexpression in gastric adenocarcinoma patients and to assess the relationship between its expression and clinicopathological tumor parameters. Prospective study was conducted in a teaching hospital over a period of 27 months. Total or subtotal gastrectomy resection specimens and small biopsies were included in the study. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was carried out on all the cases to evaluate the expression of HER2 in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples. Fluorescence Insitu Hybridization (FISH) was done for equivocal cases on IHC. The data was analyzed using Chi square test / Fisher's Exact Test. Odds ratio was computed between HER2 and other pathologic variables. HER2 overexpression was confirmed in 16 (27.6 %) cases of which 15 (93.8 %) cases were of intestinal type whereas only 1 (6.2 %) case of diffuse type adenocarcinoma. Hence, HER2 positivity was significantly more common in the intestinal type of gastric cancer compared to the diffuse type (p = 0.045). Positivity of HER2 was more in small biopsies as compared to the resection specimens in this study but the p value was not significant. There was no difference in HER2 overexpression in relation to the age, gender, tumor site, tumor differentiation and stage. HER2 overexpression is more prevalent in the intestinal subtype. The relatively high percentage of HER2 positive tumors may provide a useful target for immunotherapy of these cancers.
In this study, derived complex carcinoma (CC) and simple carcinoma (SC) cell lines were established and cultured under two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) conditions. The 3D was performed in six-well AlgiMatrix (LifeTechnologies(R), Carlsbad, CA, USA) scaffolds, resulting in spheroids sized 50-125 microm for CC and 175-200 microm for SC. Cell viability was demonstrated up to 14 days for both models. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was expressed in CC and SC in both systems. However, higher mRNA and protein levels were observed in SC 2D and 3D systems when compared with CC (P < 0.005). The connective tissue modulators, metalloproteinases-1, -2, -9 and -13 (MMPs), relaxin receptors 1 and 2 (RXR1 and RXR2) and E-cadherin (CDH1) were quantitated. All were upregulated similarly when canine mammary tumour (CMT)-derived cell lines were cultured under 3D AlgiMatrix, except CDH1 that was downregulated (P < 0.005). These results are promising towards the used of 3D system to increase a high throughput in vitro canine tumour model.
Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) is the most common brain cancer in adults. Radiotherapy (RT) is the most effective post-operative treatment for the patients even though GBM is one of the most radio-resistant tumors. Dead or dying cells within the tumor are thought to promote resistance to treatment through mechanisms that are very poorly understood. We have evaluated the role of Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), a versatile bioactive lipid, in GBM radio-resistance. We used an in vitro approach using 3D primary cultures derived from representative GBM patients. We show that irradiated glioma cells produced and released PGE2 in important quantities independently of the induction of cell death. We demonstrate that the addition of PGE2 enhances cell survival and proliferation though its ability to trans-activate the Epithelial Growth Factor receptor (EGFR) and to activate beta-catenin. Indeed, PGE2 can substitute for EGF to promote primary cultures survival and growth in vitro and the effect is likely to occur though the Prostaglandin E2 receptor EP2.
BACKGROUND: Kangai injection is a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) mixed by extracts from astragalus, ginseng, and kurorinone with modern technology. It is a commonly used antitumor injection in China, but the mechanism of Kangai injection in the treatment of colorectal cancer (CRC) is still unclear. The purpose of this study is to explore the mechanism of Kangai injection against CRC using network pharmacology and molecular docking technology. METHODS: Targets of Kangai injection in CRC were predicted by SwissTargetPrediction and DisGeNET databases. Gene Ontology (GO) analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) were performed by using the DAVID database. A component-disease-target gene-pathway network was constructed by Cytoscape 3.8.0 software. RESULTS: 114 overlapping targets of Kangai injection and CRC were used to construct a PPI network, and the top 10 hub targets of Kangai injection were rated from high to low as TP53, VEGFA, EGFR, TNF, ESR1, STAT3, HSP90AA1, HDAC1, AR, and MMP9. The ingredient-target-disease interactive network was constructed, which included 22 compounds and 114 overlapping targets with 161 nodes and 707 edges. Entries of enrichment analysis were obtained based on P value (<0.05), which included 19 of GO-MF, 217 of GO-BP, 8 of GO-CC, and 13 KEGG. Molecular docking analysis showed that Kangai injection strongly interacted with top 10 hub target proteins. CONCLUSION: Network pharmacology intuitively showed the multicomponent, multiple targets, and multiple pathways of Kangai injection in the treatment of CRC. The molecular docking experiment verified that compounds of Kangai injection had good binding ability with top 10 hub target proteins as well.
We previously identified a novel mutant mouse strain on the C3HeB/FeJ background named Justy. This strain bears a recessive mutation in the Gon4l gene that greatly reduces expression of the encoded protein, a nuclear factor implicated in transcriptional regulation. Here, we report that Justy mutant mice aged 6 months or older spontaneously developed carcinomas with myoepithelial and basaloid differentiation in salivary glands with an incidence of  approximately 25%. Tumors developed proximate to submandibular glands and to a lesser extent in the sublingual and parotid glands. Histologically, tumors often had central cavitary lesions filled with necrotic debris that were lined by tumor cells, and had spindle and epithelioid cell differentiation with lesser basaloid to clear cell features. Tumor tissue often had variable evidence of a high mitotic rate, pleomorphism, and invasion into adjacent salivary glands. Neoplastic cells had diffuse immunoreactivity for pancytokeratin (AE1/AE3) and p63. Although CK5/6 immunostaining was seen in the much of the tumor cells, it was often lacking in pleomorphic areas. Tumor cells lacked immunoreactivity for alpha-smooth muscle actin, S100, c-Kit, and glial fibrillary acid protein. In addition, tumors had immunoreactivity for phosphorylated and total epidermal growth factor receptor, suggesting that EGFR signaling may participate in growth regulation of these tumors. These findings indicate that the salivary gland carcinomas occur spontaneously in Justy mice, and that these tumors may offer a valuable model for study of EGFR regulation. In combination, our data suggest that Justy mice warrant further investigation for use as a mouse model for human salivary gland neoplasia.
We report on a postmenopausal patient with a secondary metastatic apocrine breast cancer successfully treated with low-dose hydrocortisone only following several lines of chemotherapy. The tumor cells in the primary and metastatic lesion exhibited a 'triple-negative' status (estrogen receptor (ER)-, progesterone receptor (PR)-, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative); the androgen receptor (AR) was strongly expressed. Twenty milligrams of hydrocortisone, a low substitution dose known to suppress adrenal steroid production, twice daily led to a clinical benefit lasting for one year, with symptom control, radiologically stable disease, and steady decrease in CA15.3. Our observation demonstrates that an AR-expressing apocrine breast cancer may respond to androgen deprivation, as an ER-positive breast cancer may benefit from estrogen deprivation. It highlights the importance of further research targeting the AR pathway in apocrine carcinoma, for which androgens represent the sole (known) steroid hormone stimulating tumor growth. Future clinical trials should not only focus on AR inhibitors like enzalutamide, but also on ablative modalities like low-dose hydrocortisone aiming at medical adrenalectomy. This method of androgen deprivation is largely available, cheap, and nearly devoid of toxicity.
Male breast cancer (MBC) is extremely rare and accounts for less than 1% of all breast malignancies. Therefore, clinical management of MBC is currently guided by research on the disease in females. In this study, DNA obtained from 45 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) MBCs with and 90 MBCs (52 FFPE and 38 fresh-frozen) without matched normal tissues was subjected to massively parallel sequencing targeting all exons of 1943 cancer-related genes. The landscape of mutations and copy number alterations was compared to that of publicly available estrogen receptor (ER)-positive female breast cancers (smFBCs) and correlated to prognosis. From the 135 MBCs, 90% showed ductal histology, 96% were ER-positive, 66% were progesterone receptor (PR)-positive, and 2% HER2-positive, resulting in 50, 46 and 4% luminal A-like, luminal B-like and basal-like cases, respectively. Five patients had Klinefelter syndrome (4%) and 11% of patients harbored pathogenic BRCA2 germline mutations. The genomic landscape of MBC to some extent recapitulated that of smFBC, with recurrent PIK3CA (36%) and GATA3 (15%) somatic mutations, and with 40% of the most frequently amplified genes overlapping between both sexes. TP53 (3%) somatic mutations were significantly less frequent in MBC compared to smFBC, whereas somatic mutations in genes regulating chromatin function and homologous recombination deficiency-related signatures were more prevalent. MDM2 amplifications were frequent (13%), correlated with protein overexpression (P = 0.001) and predicted poor outcome (P = 0.007). In conclusion, despite similarities in the genomic landscape between MBC and smFBC, MBC is a molecularly unique and heterogeneous disease requiring its own clinical trials and treatment guidelines.
BACKGROUND: Triple-negative breast cancers (TNBCs) are considered a morphologically heterogeneous group of breast carcinomas characterized by the absence or low protein expression of hormone receptors and HER2/neu/ERBB2 with a specific biological behavior and therapeutic response. This study aimed to evaluate correlations of the density of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes/plasmocytes (TILs) in the tumor parenchyma, stroma, and invasive margins with tumor morphology, the proliferation rate, Bcl-2 expression, and selected clinical and pathological parameters in early breast cancer patients prior to mastectomy who had not received initial chemotherapy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Samples of 3,544 breast cancer patients investigated in our department between 2007 and 2017 were re-examined. In total, 413 (11.65%) patients were diagnosed with TNBC. Only 61 cases did not undergo neoadjuvant therapy prior to mastectomy. Correlations between the density of TILs and tumor morphology, Bcl-2 expression, proliferative activity measured by Ki-67, patient age at diagnosis, tumor grade, and metastases were investigated. RESULTS: The samples were predominantly relatively well-localized invasive carcinomas of no special type with medullary features (80.32%) that measured on average 13.4mm (range 5-20mm, median 15mm) and exhibited central necrosis or fibrosis, a tendency to undergo spindle cell and/or apocrine-like differentiation, and intensive infiltration of TILs. There were significant positive correlations between TILs and premenopausal status (p=0.003), Ki-67 expression (p=0.015), and tumor grade (p=0.002), a marginal positive correlation between TILs and tumor size (p=0.065), and a significant negative correlation between TILs and Bcl-2 expression (p=0.035). In younger patients (&lt; 50 years) with tumor size less than or equal to 20 mm (pT1a-pT1c) we recorded a lower number of women with metastatic lymph node involvement (p=0.001). CONCLUSION: The density and location of TILs in non-therapeutically influenced TNBCs, evaluated in the context of morphological changes and other clinicopathological parameters, may have prognostic significance and assist effective therapy planning.
HER2 is considered one of the most traditional prognostic and predictive biomarkers in breast cancer. Literature data confirmed that the addition of pertuzumab to a standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy backbone (either with or without anthracyclines), in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive early breast cancer (EBC), leads to a higher pathological complete response (pCR) rate, which is known to correlate with a better prognosis. In this retrospective analysis, 47 consecutive patients with HER2-positive EBC received sequential anthracyclines and taxanes plus trastuzumab (ATH) or pertuzumab, trastuzumab and docetaxel (THP). Despite the limited sample size, this monocentric experience highlights the efficacy (in terms of pCR) and safety of THP in the neoadjuvant setting of HER2-positive EBC as an anthracycline-free approach. Given the role of PIK3CA as a prognostic and therapeutic target in breast cancer, tumors were also analyzed to assess the PIK3CA mutational status. Thirty-eight out of forty-seven patients were evaluated, and PIK3CA variants were identified in 21% of tumor samples: overall, one mutation was detected in exon 4 (2.6%), two in exon 9 (5.3%) and four in exon 20 (10.5%). Of note, one sample showed concurrent mutations in exons 9 (codon 545) and 20 (codon 1047). Among patients reaching pCR (n = 13), 38.5% were PIK3CA mutants; on the other hand, among those lacking pCR (n = 25), just 12% showed PIK3CA variants. Regarding THP-treated mutant patients (n = 5), 80% reached pCR (three hormone-receptor-negative, one hormone-receptor-positive). Interestingly, the only patient not achieving pCR had a tumor with two co-occurring PIK3CA mutations. In conclusion, this study provides new evidence about the efficacy and good safety profile of THP, compared to the ATH regimen, as an anthracycline-free neoadjuvant treatment of HER2-positive EBC. Further studies on larger/multicentric cohorts are planned for more in-depth analysis to confirm our molecular and clinical results.
Background: In Mexico, breast cancer (BCa) is in first place regarding cancer mortality and has been established as a priority health issue. The incidence of metastasis from BCa is very high and presents as the principal mortality factor among women younger than 40 years of age. OBJECTIVE. To determine any associations between clinicopathological characteristics and metastasis in Mexican women under 40 years of age. Methods: During the 2010-2015 period, a total of 180 female BCa cases seen at the Navy General High Specialty Hospital, SEMAR, in Mexico City; we collected information on 20 patients with BCa younger than 40 years of age. Statistical analyses were conducted using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov, Students t, Fisher, Chi square, and Mantel-Haenszel tests. Results: The prevalence of women with BCa younger than the age of 40 years during the 2010-2015 period was 13.3%. We found a high frequency of obesity in of these cases (>75%); 100% of obese patients with a history of smoking presented with metastasis (p <0.05). In addition, the hormone phenotype was important; HER2-positive cases were 12 times more likely tto exhibit metastasis (p <0.05), while expression of estrogen and progesterone receptors appeared to be protective. Diabetes mellitus in combination with smoking was also a risk factor for development of metastasis (p <0.05). Conclusion: In this study, we obtained essential data regarding risk of metastasis in young breast cancer cases which could be useful for predicting disease evolution and treatment response.
INTRODUCTION: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) have become a treatment option in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. However, despite their use in this disease, a significant number of patients will eventually develop resistance and relapse. In this study, we aimed to characterize several molecular events involved in potential resistance mechanisms to anti-EGFR treatment and correlate our findings with clinical outcome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The medical records of patients with NSCLC who received anti-EGFR TKIs in any line within the participating centers were reviewed and available paraffin embedded tissue was retrieved. Mutational analysis for EGFR, KRAS, BRAF and intron-exon 14 deletions of MET; FISH analysis for chromosomal gain or amplification for EGFR, MET and the deletion marker D7S486 were performed. Furthermore, the expression of EGFR and MET were analysed by immunohistochemistry. All results were correlated with treatment outcomes. RESULTS: Between 10/2001 and 12/2009 from an initial cohort of 72 treated patients, 59 cases (28 gefitinib/ 31 erlotinib) were included in the analysis. The majority had adenocarcinoma histology (68%), and received treatment in the second line setting (56%). Disease control rate (DCR) was 25.4% for all patients. EGFR and RAS mutational rates were 33% and 10% respectively, no other mutations were identified. High EGFR expressing tumors were found in 7 of 45 cases and pEGFR positivity (IHC) was found in 56% of the cases; MET expression was found in 48% of tumors. EGFR gene amplification was found in 4 cases, two cases showed high polysomy; overall, 13% cases were FISH positive for EGFR. High polysomy of MET gene was detected in 1/43 cases tested. D7S486 locus deletion was detected in 15/37 (40%) of cases. EGFR mutational status and gene gain were both associated with more favorable DCR. No other associations between examined biomarkers and DCR or survival were noted. CONCLUSIONS: EGFR mutational status is a predictor for disease control in patients with NSCLC treated with anti-EGFR TKIs. The predictive role of several other molecules involved in potential resistance to anti-EGFR TKIs is worthy of additional investigation.
Monoclonal antibody-based targeted tumor therapy has greatly improved treatment options for patients. Antibodies against oncogenic receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs), especially the ErbB receptor family, are prominent examples. However, long-term efficacy of such antibodies is limited by resistance mechanisms. Tumor evasion by a priori or acquired activation of other kinases is often causative for this phenomenon. These findings led to an increasing number of combination approaches either within a protein family, e.g. the ErbB family or by targeting RTKs of different phylogenetic origin like HER1 and cMet or HER1 and IGF1R. Progress in antibody engineering technology enabled generation of clinical grade bispecific antibodies (BsAbs) to design drugs inherently addressing such resistance mechanisms. Limited data are available on multi-specific antibodies targeting three or more RTKs. In the present study, we have evaluated the cloning, eukaryotic expression and purification of tetraspecific, tetravalent Fc-containing antibodies targeting HER3, cMet, HER1 and IGF1R. The antibodies are based on the combination of single-chain Fab and Fv fragments in an IgG1 antibody format enhanced by the knob-into-hole technology. They are non-agonistic and inhibit tumor cell growth comparable to the combination of four parental antibodies. Importantly, TetraMabs show improved apoptosis induction and tumor growth inhibition over individual monospecific or BsAbs in cellular assays. In addition, a mimicry assay to reflect heterogeneous expression of antigens in a tumor mass was established. With this novel in vitro assay, we can demonstrate the superiority of a tetraspecific antibody to bispecific tumor antigen-binding antibodies in early pre-clinical development.
Drug-targeted delivery has become a top priority in the world of medicine in order to develop more efficient therapeutic agents. This is important as a critical underlying problem in cancer therapy stems from the inability to deliver active therapeutic substances directly to tumor cells without causing collateral damage. In this work, zinc(II) phthalocyanine (ZnPc) was selected as a sensitizer and was linked to different targeting agents, which would be recognized by overexpressed proteins in cancer cells. As targeting agents, we first selected the two ligands (DAA1106, PK11195) of the translocator protein (TSPO) and then Erlotinib a binding group of the ATP domain of tyrosine kinase in epidermal growth factor (EGFR). ZnPc was connected via an ethylene glycol chain to either one (n = 1) or four (n = 4) targeting agents. The biological activity of these conjugates ZnPc(ligand)(n) was investigated on MDA-MB-231 breast human cancer cells and human hepatoma HepG2 cells, first in the dark (cytotoxicity) and then under irradiation (photodynamic therapy). The dark cytotoxicity was extremely low (IC(50) >/= 50 muM) for all of these compounds, which is a required criterion for further photodynamic application. After irradiation at 650 nm, only the conjugates bearing one targeting ligand such as ZnPc-[DAA1106]1, ZnPc-[PK11195]1, and ZnPc-[Erlo]1 showed photodynamic activity, while those linked to 4 targeting agents were inactive. Importantly, fluorescence imaging microscopy showed the colocalization of ZnPc-[DAA1106]1, ZnPc-[PK11195]1 and ZnPc-[erlo]1, at mitochondria, a result that justifies the observed photodynamic activity of these conjugates. This study first shows the impact of the number and the mode of organization of targeting agents on the ability of the sensitizer to cross the cell membrane. When zinc(II) phthalocyanine carries a single targeting agent, a significant photodynamic activity on MDA-MB-231 breast human cancer cells was measured and localization at the mitochondria was demonstrated by fluorescence imaging, thus proving the potential of the sensitizer linked to a targeting agent to improve selectivity. Another important conclusion from this study for the design of future effective PDT drugs using multivalence effects is to control the arrangement of the targeting agents in order to design molecules that will be able to pass the cell membrane barriers.
BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NaCT) and neoadjuvant endocrine therapy (NET) can reduce pre-operative tumour burden in patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative early-stage breast cancer. This prospective translational study assessed the ability of a 12-gene molecular score (MS; EndoPredict(R)) to predict response to NaCT or NET within the ABCSG-34 trial. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Hormone receptor (HR)-positive, HER2-negative samples from patients in the ABCSG-34 randomized phase II trial were selected and EndoPredict testing was performed to generate a 12-gene MS. ABCSG-34 patients were assigned to receive either NaCT or NET based on menopausal status, HR expression, grade and Ki67. Response was measured by residual cancer burden (RCB). RESULTS: Patients selected for NaCT generally had high-risk disease by 12-gene MS (125/134), while slightly more patients treated with NET had low-risk disease (44/83). Low-risk NaCT-treated and high-risk NET-treated tumours responded poorly (NPV 100% [95% CI 66.4%-100%] and NPV 92.3% [95% CI 79.1%-98.4%], respectively]. The 12-gene MS significantly predicted treatment response for NaCT (AUC 0.736 [95% CI 0.63-0.84]) and NET (AUC 0.726 [95% CI 0.60-0.85]). CONCLUSIONS: The 12-gene MS predicted RCB after treatment with neoadjuvant therapies for patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative early-stage breast cancer. Tumours with low MS were unlikely to benefit from NaCT, whereas a high MS predicted resistance to NET. This additional biologic information can aid personalized treatment selection in daily practice and builds a strong rationale to use EndoPredict in biomarker-driven studies in the neoadjuvant setting.
Afatinib is an oral, irreversible, tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) of EGFR, HER2 and HER4. According to phase I studies, the recommended dose of afatinib was 50mg daily. Rash, acne, diarrhea and stomatitis were the most common adverse events. Afatinib failed to demonstrate an improvement in overall survival in unselected heavily pretreated NSCLC patients (Lux-Lung-1). On the contrary, the Lux-Lung-3 and -6 trials met the primary end point, demonstrating a significant increase in terms of PFS with afatinib compared with chemotherapy in the first line treatment of EGFR mutant patients. Moreover, in both studies, afatinib improved overall survival in patients with exon 19 EGFR deletion (31.7 vs 20.7 months; HR: 0.59, p=0.0001). The results of ongoing randomized trials should further clarify the efficacy of afatinib compared with first-generation TKIs in advanced NSCLC, its activity in the adjuvant and neoadjuvant settings, as well as its efficacy in other tumors.
BACKGROUND: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-targeted therapies have not been approved for patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The efficacy and safety of trastuzumab deruxtecan (formerly DS-8201), a HER2 antibody-drug conjugate, in patients with HER2-mutant NSCLC have not been investigated extensively. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, international, phase 2 study in which trastuzumab deruxtecan (6.4 mg per kilogram of body weight) was administered to patients who had metastatic HER2-mutant NSCLC that was refractory to standard treatment. The primary outcome was objective response as assessed by independent central review. Secondary outcomes included the duration of response, progression-free survival, overall survival, and safety. Biomarkers of HER2 alterations were assessed. RESULTS: A total of 91 patients were enrolled. The median duration of follow-up was 13.1 months (range, 0.7 to 29.1). Centrally confirmed objective response occurred in 55% of the patients (95% confidence interval [CI], 44 to 65). The median duration of response was 9.3 months (95% CI, 5.7 to 14.7). Median progression-free survival was 8.2 months (95% CI, 6.0 to 11.9), and median overall survival was 17.8 months (95% CI, 13.8 to 22.1). The safety profile was generally consistent with those from previous studies; grade 3 or higher drug-related adverse events occurred in 46% of patients, the most common event being neutropenia (in 19%). Adjudicated drug-related interstitial lung disease occurred in 26% of patients and resulted in death in 2 patients. Responses were observed across different HER2 mutation subtypes, as well as in patients with no detectable HER2 expression or HER2 amplification. CONCLUSIONS: Trastuzumab deruxtecan showed durable anticancer activity in patients with previously treated HER2-mutant NSCLC. The safety profile included interstitial lung disease that was fatal in two cases. Observed toxic effects were generally consistent with those in previously reported studies. (Funded by Daiichi Sankyo and AstraZeneca; DESTINY-Lung01 ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT03505710.).
HER3 belongs to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family and is known to form an active heterodimer with other three family members EGFR, HER2, and HER4. HER3 is overexpressed in lung, breast, colon, prostate, and gastric cancers. In the present study, we developed and validated an antiHER3 monoclonal antibody (mAb), H(3)Mab17 (IgG(2a), kappa), by immunizing mice with HER3overexpressed CHOK1 cells (CHO/HER3). H(3)Mab17 was found to react specifically with endogenous HER3 in colorectal carcinoma cell lines, using flow cytometry. The K(D) for H(3)Mab17 in CHO/HER3 and Caco2 (a colon cancer cell line) were determined to be 3.0x10(9) M and 1.5x10(9) M via flow cytometry, respectively, suggesting high binding affinity of H(3)Mab17 to HER3. Then, we assessed the H(3)Mab17 antibodydependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC) and complementdependent cytotoxicity (CDC) against Caco2, and evaluated its antitumor capacity in a Caco2 xenograft model. In vitro experiments revealed H(3)Mab17 had strongly induced both ADCC and CDC against Caco2 cells. In vivo experiments on Caco2 xenografts revealed that H(3)Mab17 treatment significantly reduced tumor growth compared with the control mouse IgG. These data indicated that H(3)Mab17 could be a promising treatment option for HER3expressing colon cancers.
Ras GTPase-activating proteins (GAPs) are important regulators for Ras activation, which is instrumental in tumor development. However, the mechanism underlying this regulation remains elusive. We demonstrate here that activated EGFR phosphorylates the Y593 residue of the protein known as family with sequence similarity 129, member B (FAM129B), which is overexpressed in many types of human cancer. FAM129B phosphorylation increased the interaction between FAM129B and Ras, resulting in reduced binding of p120-RasGAP to Ras. FAM129B phosphorylation promoted Ras activation, increasing ERK1/2- and PKM2-dependent beta-catenin transactivation and leading to the enhanced glycolytic gene expression and the Warburg effect; promoting tumor cell proliferation and invasion; and supporting brain tumorigenesis. Our studies unearthed a novel and important mechanism underlying EGFR-mediated Ras activation in tumor development.
RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to develop predictive models based on conventional magnetic resonance imaging (cMRI) and radiomics features for predicting human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status of breast cancer (BC) and compare their performance. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 287 patients with invasive BC in our hospital were retrospectively analyzed. All patients underwent preoperative breast MRI consisting of fat-suppressed T2-weighted imaging, axial dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI, and diffusion-weighted imaging sequences. From these sequences, radiomics features were derived. Three distinct models were established utilizing cMRI features, radiomics features, and a comprehensive model that amalgamated both. The predictive capabilities of these models were assessed using the receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. The comparative performance was then determined through the DeLong test and net reclassification improvement (NRI). RESULTS: In a randomized split, the 287 patients with BC were allotted to either training (234; 46 HER2-zero, 107 HER2-low, 81 HER2-positive) or test (53; 8 HER2-zero, 27 HER2-low, 18 HER2-positive) at an 8:2 ratio. The mean area under the curve (AUCs) for cMRI, radiomics, and comprehensive models predicting HER2 status were 0.705, 0.819, and 0.859 in training set and 0.639, 0.797, and 0.842 in test set, respectively. DeLong's test indicated that the combined model's AUC surpassed the radiomics model significantly (p < 0.05). NRI analysis verified superiority of the combined model over the radiomics for BC HER2 prediction (NRI 25.0) in the test set. CONCLUSION: The comprehensive model based on the combination of cMRI and radiomics features outperformed the single radiomics model in noninvasively predicting the three-tiered HER2 status in patients with BC.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is the most frequent form of cancer in women all over the world. It is the main cause of cancer death and the most often diagnosed cancer in women in 140 of the world's 184 countries. The link between breast cancer risk and body mass index (BMI) has gotten increasing attention in recent years, although the results are still debatable. Therefore, the current systematic review and meta-analysis evaluate the impact of BMI on breast cancer. METHODS: The current study was carried out as a systematic review and meta-analysis, following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. We systematically searched Cochrane, Google Scholar, PubMed, EMBASE and Scopus databases to identify eligible articles impact of BMI on breast cancer with the appropriate Medical Subject Headings (MeSH). The Newcastle-Ottawa checklist was used for the risk of assessment for the included studies. Meta-analysis was performed using Review Manager 5.3 software. RESULTS: Forty-six studies were included in the current review, which met the selection criteria of the current review. Among included 46 studies in this review, 50% (n = 23) of the studies found the HER2 type of breast cancer followed by triple-negative and HR-positive. The obesity was significantly higher in the case group compared with the control group (P < .001). Heterogeneity between the 14 studies is medium (I2 = 72%). In this review, there was no significant relation between overweight and breast cancer in women (P > .05). Heterogenecity between the 14 studies is medium (I2 = 89%). However, after removing the publication bias a significant relation between overweightness and breast cancer in women (P = .0005) was observed. CONCLUSION: Obese breast cancer patients are a specific type of patient. They are more likely to develop cancer. Their need to surgery and radiation may cause greater difficulties. Obesity and overweight in women greatly increase the risk of breast cancer, according to the findings of the current meta-analysis. To confirm these findings and understand the pathogenic pathways, more research is required.
Receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) are important drug targets for cancer and immunological disorders. Crystal structures of individual RTK domains have contributed greatly to the structure-based drug design of clinically used drugs. Low-resolution structures from electron microscopy are now available for the RTKs, EGFR, PDGFR, and Kit. However, there are still no high-resolution structures of full-length RTKs due to the technical challenges of working with these complex, membrane proteins. Here, we review what has been learned from structural studies of these three RTKs regarding their mechanisms of ligand binding, activation, oligomerization, and inhibition. We discuss the implications for drug design. More structural data on full-length RTKs may facilitate the discovery of druggable sites and drugs with improved specificity and effectiveness against resistant mutants.
C-005 is a novel third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To support its clinical trial, we developed a rapid and sensitive bioanalytical method based on ultra-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) technique for the quantification of C-005 and its major metabolite in NSCLC patients following international bioanalytical guidelines. After a simple and quick protein precipitation step, the supernatant was injected to a Waters Acquity BEH C(18) column (2.1 x 50 mm i.d., 1.7 mm), and the column was eluted with a gradient of buffer A (5 mM ammonium acetate and 0.1% formic acid in water) and buffer B (formic acid-acetonitrile (1:1000, v/v)). The eluates were subsequently detected by an AB QTRAP 5500 mass spectrometer with electrospray ionization using multiple-reaction monitoring mode. The method showed good linearity from 2.00 to 1000 ng/mL for C-005 and 1.00 to 500 ng/mL for M1. In conclusion, the validation results demonstrated the robustness of the method and its well-poised to support the first-in-patient study of C-005 in NSCLC patients.
OBJECTIVE: Male breast cancer (BC) is a rare disease, having different clinicopathological features and survival outcomes from female patients. The aim of this research was to, combine with molecular subtypes, analyze the metastatic patterns, and prognosis between male and female patients, and to determine whether the gender was the independent prognostic factor for BC. METHODS: Data used in this study were acquired from the SEER database from 2010 to 2016. The clinicopathology features and metastatic patterns were compared by the Chi-square test and Fisher's exact test. Kaplan-Meier method was performed to compare overall survival (OS) and factors correlated with OS were determined by Cox regression models. Competing risk models were used to ascertain factors related to breast cancer-specific death (BCSD). RESULTS: Compared with female BC, the incidence of regional LN (HR 1.849, 95% CI 1.674-2.043, p < 0.001) and distant metastasis (HR 1.421, 95%CI: 1.157-1.744, p < 0.001) was higher in male BC. For regional LN metastasis, hormone receptor (HoR)-/HER2+ subtype occupied the majority in both male (55.56%) and female (36.86%) groups. For distant metastasis, HoR-/HER2- subtype (21.26%), and HoR-/HER2+ (7.67%) were in major in male and female group separately. Male patients shared similar combinations of metastases with female groups as for single-site, bi-site, and tri-site metastasis. Gender was an independent prognostic factor for OS (p < 0.001) but not for BCSD(p = 0.620). In subgroup of patients with HoR+/HER2-(OS: p = 0.003; BCSD: p = 0.606), HoR+/HER2+(OS: p = 0.003; BCSD: p = 0.277), regional LN positive(OS: p = 0.005; BCSD: p = 0.379), or bone metastasis (OS: p = 0.030; BCSD: p = 0.862), the male cohort had poorer OS but similar BCSD with female cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with female patients, male BC had different metastasis patterns and prognostic outcomes, and the affection of breast subtypes on metastasis and survivorship was also different. More attention needs to be paid for specific molecular subtype and more personalized therapeutic strategies should be customized while treating male patients.
BACKGROUND: In the phase III PALLAS trial, the addition of 2 years of palbociclib to adjuvant endocrine therapy (ET) did not improve short-term invasive disease-free survival (iDFS) compared with ET alone in high-risk early-stage hormone receptor (HR)-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer. In this article, we report 5-year efficacy outcomes, including updated iDFS and overall survival (OS). PATIENTS AND METHODS: PALLAS is an international, open-label, randomized phase III trial evaluating the addition of 2 years of palbociclib to adjuvant ET in patients with stage II-III HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer. The primary endpoint was iDFS. RESULTS: The trial enrolled 5753 patients, with 2883 randomized to receive palbociclib plus ET and 2870 to receive ET alone. With a median follow-up of 59.8 months, the 5-year iDFS was 84.2% [95% confidence interval (CI) 82.7% to 85.6%] in the palbociclib plus ET arm and 82.4% (95% CI 80.8% to 83.9%) in the ET-alone arm [hazard ratio (HR) 0.88, 95% CI 0.77-1.01, log-rank P = 0.0614]. No significant iDFS benefit of palbociclib was observed in any subgroup, including analyses by anatomic stage, T-stage, N-stage, tumor grade, prior (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy, age, or clinical risk. The 5-year OS was 92.6% (95% CI 91.5% to 93.6%) in the palbociclib plus ET arm and 93.2% (95% CI 92.1% to 94.1%) in the ET-alone arm (HR 1.09, 95% CI 0.89-1.33, log-rank P = 0.4051). More patients in the ET-alone arm (65.7%) than in the palbociclib plus ET arm (33.0%) received cyclin-dependent kinase 4/6 inhibitors after recurrence. Conversely, more patients in the palbociclib plus ET arm (52.5%) than in the ET-alone arm (41.0%) received chemotherapy after recurrence. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, 5-year follow-up from the PALLAS trial confirms initially reported results. These long-term findings will provide investigators with important benchmarks for clinical outcomes in the contemporary management of HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer, and may be further used to guide adjuvant therapy for patients with high-risk early-stage HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer.
HER2 transmembrane receptor is an important target in immunotherapy treatment of breast and gastroesophageal cancer. Molecular imaging of HER2 expression may provide essential prognostic and predictive information concerning disseminated cancer and aid in selection of an optimal therapy. Radiolabeled low molecular weight peptide ligands are particularly attractive as probes for molecular imaging, since they reach and bind to the target and clear from non-target organs and blood stream faster than bulky antibodies. In this study, we evaluated a potential HER2-imaging probe, an A9 nonapeptide, derived from the trastuzumab-Fab portion. Its cellular uptake was investigated by mass spectrometry analysis of the cytoplasmic cellular extracts. Moreover, based on in-silico modeling, DTPA chelator was conjugated to N-terminus of A9. (111)In-labeled A9 demonstrated nanomolar affinity to HER2-expressing BT474 cells and favorable biodistribution profile in NMRI mice. This study suggests that the peptide A9 represents a good lead candidate for development of molecular probe, to be used for imaging purposes and for the delivery of cytotoxic agents.
The ErbB receptors, such as EGFR, have been intensely pursued as targets for cancer therapeutics. However, a large percentage of patients who are initially responsive to ErbB-targeted therapies experience tumor recurrence and become refractory to therapy. In this issue of the JCI, Guix et al. demonstrate that downregulation of IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) and -4, the negative regulators of IGF-I receptor signaling, contributes to the resistance of human squamous cell carcinomas to the EGFR inhibitor gefitinib (see the related article beginning on page 2609). Understanding the mechanisms involved in the resistance of some tumors to ErbB-targeted molecules may provide guidelines for developing more efficient therapeutic approaches.
BACKGROUND: Lung adenocarcinoma frequently presents with EGFR mutations, often progressing on EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) despite an initial response. Progression is frequently driven by additional genetic changes, including mutations in tumor suppressor genes (TSGs). Understanding the role of these concurrent TSG mutations can help elucidate resistance mechanisms and guide the development of more effective treatment approaches. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined survival outcomes in 483 EGFR-mutant (mEGFR) patients from the GENIE BPC non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) dataset. To understand the mutational landscape and clonal dynamics, whole exome sequencing (WES) was carried out on 48 tumor samples from 16 mEGFR patients at both baseline and post-relapse. A comprehensive gene panel was applied to 200 liquid biopsy samples obtained longitudinally from 25 patients to track clonal evolution. RESULTS: mEGFR patients with co-occurring TSG mutations exhibited significantly worse outcomes. In the GENIE dataset, overall survival (OS) was shorter [51.11 versus 99.3 months; hazard ratio (HR) 1.8, confidence interval (CI) 1.22-2.75, P = 0.003] and progression-free survival (PFS) was reduced (9.83 versus 11.48 months; HR 1.4, CI 1.03-1.91, P = 0.026). WES analysis revealed 17 TSG mutations that were retained and showed clonal enrichment, particularly in early relapse (progression within 10 months of TKI initiation) or intermediate-stage relapse (relapse occurred between 10 and 20 months), indicated by increased variant allele frequency and their presence was strongly linked to early relapse. Longitudinal clonal studies further confirmed that TSG mutations co-occurring with mEGFR were often truncal, predominantly in early relapsers. Survival analysis using this subset of 17 TSGs showed significantly shorter OS (55.26 versus 99.3 months; HR 1.7, CI 1.12-2.65, P = 0.011) and PFS (9.67 versus 13.12 months; HR 1.5, CI 1.08-2.10, P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS: A set of 17 co-occurring TSG mutations has been identified as key biomarkers for early relapse in mEGFR lung adenocarcinoma. Longitudinal genomic monitoring, with a focus on clonal evolution, offers valuable insights that can inform personalized treatment strategies and potentially improve patient outcomes.
Most colorectal (CRC) tumors are dependent on EGFR/KRAS/BRAF/MAPK signaling activation. ARID1A is an epigenetic regulator mutated in approximately 5% of non-hypermutated CRC tumors. Here we show that anti-EGFR but not anti-VEGF treatment enriches for emerging ARID1A mutations in CRC patients. In addition, we find that patients with ARID1A mutations, at baseline, are associated with worse outcome when treated with cetuximab- but not bevacizumab-containing therapies; thus, this suggests that ARID1A mutations may provide both an acquired and intrinsic mechanism of resistance to anti-EGFR therapies. We find that, ARID1A and EGFR-pathway genetic alterations are mutually exclusive across lung and colorectal cancers, further supporting a functional connection between these pathways. Our results not only suggest that ARID1A could be potentially used as a predictive biomarker for cetuximab treatment decisions but also provide a rationale for exploring therapeutic MAPK inhibition in an unexpected but genetically defined segment of CRC patients.
The onset and progression of cancer are strongly associated with the dissipation of adhesion forces between cancer cells, thus facilitating their incessant attachment and detachment from the extracellular matrix (ECM) to move toward metastasis. During this process, cancer cells undergo mechanical stresses and respond to these stresses with membrane deformation while inducing protrusions to invade the surrounding tissues. Cellular response to mechanical forces is inherently related to the reorganization of the cytoskeleton, the dissipation of cell-cell junctions, and the adhesion to the surrounding ECM. Moreover, the role of focal adhesion proteins, and particularly the role of vinculin in cell attachment and detachment during migration, is critical, indicating the tight cell-ECM junctions, which favor or inhibit the metastatic cascade. The biomechanical analysis of these sequences of events may elucidate the tumor progression and the potential of cancer cells for migration and metastasis. In this work, we focused on the evaluation of the spreading rate and the estimation of the adhesion strength between breast cancer cells and ECM prior to and post-treatment with anti-tumor agents. Specifically, different tamoxifen concentrations were used for ER(+) breast cancer cells, while even concentrations of trastuzumab and pertuzumab were used for HER2(+) cells. Analysis of cell stiffness indicated an increased elastic Young's modulus post-treatment in both MCF-7 and SKBR-3 cells. The results showed that the post-treatment spreading rate was significantly decreased in both types of breast cancer, suggesting a lower metastatic potential. Additionally, treated cells required greater adhesion forces to detach from the ECM, thus preventing detachment events of cancer cells from the ECM, and therefore, the probability of cell motility, migration, and metastasis was confined. Furthermore, post-detachment and post-treatment vinculin levels were increased, indicating tighter cell-ECM junctions, hence limiting the probability of cell detachment and, therefore, cell motility and migration.
BACKGROUND: Limited data exist for global prevalence of claudin 18 isoform 2 (CLDN18.2) positivity and association of CLDN18.2 status with clinical and tumor characteristics in patients with locally advanced (LA) unresectable or metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction (mG/GEJ) adenocarcinoma. We report prevalence of CLDN18.2 positivity (phase 3; SPOTLIGHT, NCT03504397; GLOW, NCT03653507) and concordance of CLDN18.2 status between a subset of pair-matched tumor samples (phase 2, ILUSTRO, NCT03505320; phase 1, NCT03528629) from clinical studies of zolbetuximab. METHODS: Tumor samples from patients with LA unresectable or mG/GEJ adenocarcinoma were tested for CLDN18.2 status by immunohistochemistry. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression was tested per central or local assessment. RESULTS: Across SPOTLIGHT and GLOW, the prevalence of CLDN18.2 positivity (>/= 75% of tumor cells demonstrating moderate-to-strong membranous CLDN18 staining) was 38.4%. Prevalence was similar in gastric versus GEJ adenocarcinoma samples and regardless of collection method (biopsy versus resection) or collection site (primary versus metastatic). CLDN18.2 positivity was most prevalent in patients with diffuse-type tumors. In ILUSTRO and the phase 1 study, concordance of CLDN18.2 positivity was 61.1% between archival (i.e., any time before treatment) and baseline (i.e., </= 3 months before first treatment) samples, and concordance of any CLDN18 staining (>/= 1% of tumor cells demonstrating moderate-to-strong membranous CLDN18 staining) was 88.9%. CONCLUSIONS: CLDN18.2 was a highly prevalent biomarker in patients with HER2-negative, LA unresectable or mG/GEJ adenocarcinoma. CLDN18.2 positivity remained relatively stable over time in many patients. Biomarker testing for CLDN18.2 should be considered in standard clinical practice in these patients.
INTRODUCTION: Tumor genotyping using single gene assays (SGAs) is standard practice in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We evaluated how the introduction of next generation sequencing (NGS) into day-to-day clinical practice altered therapeutic decision-making. METHODS: Clinicopathologic data, tumor genotype, and clinical decisions were retrospectively compiled over 6 months following introduction of NGS assay use at our institution in 82 patient-tumor samples (7 by primary NGS, 22 by sequential SGAs followed by NGS, and 53 by SGAs). RESULTS: SGAs identified abnormalities in 34 samples, and all patients with advanced EGFR-mutated or ALK-rearranged tumors received approved tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) or were consented for clinical trials. NGS was more commonly requested for EGFR, ALK, and KRAS-negative tumors (p<0.0001). NGS was successful in 24/29 (82.7%) tumors. Of 17 adenocarcinomas (ACs), 11 (7 from patients with </=15 pack-years of smoking) had abnormalities in a known driver oncogene. This led to a change in decision-making in 8 patients, trial consideration in 6, and off-label TKI use in 2. Of 7 squamous cell (SC) carcinomas, 1 had a driver aberration (FGFR1); 6 had other genomic events (all with TP53 mutations). In no cases were clinical decisions altered (p=0.0538 when compared to ACs). CONCLUSIONS: Targeted NGS can identify a significant number of therapeutically-relevant driver events in lung ACs; particularly in never or light smokers. For SC lung cancers, NGS is less likely to alter current practice. Further research into the cost effectiveness and optimal use of NGS and improved provider training in genomic oncology are warranted.
BACKGROUND: (18)F-Fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) and (18)F-Fluorestradiol (FES) have been FDA approved for measuring tumor glycolytic activity and estrogen receptor (ER) uptake, respectively, in clinical positron emission tomography (PET) imaging for patients with hormone-receptor (HR) positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC), but little is known about its utility in patients with breast tumors that overexpress human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2). We hypothesize that comparing patterns of FDG and FES uptake in patients with HER2-positive versus HER2-negative MBC can guide further biologic and clinical studies into the HR/HER2-positive phenotype. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective study examining uptake in matched lesions for FES and FDG-PET scans, assessing these parameters in 213 patients with ER-positive/HER2-positive (n = 33) versus ER-positive/HER2-negative MBC (n = 180). We employed log-rank and t-tests to assess the association of HER2 status with outcome variables and the hypotheses that patients expressing HER2-positive disease lived longer than patient with HER2-negative disease. RESULTS: No difference in FES or FDG avidity was observed between patients with HER2-negative or HER2-positive tumor status. Limited data also suggests that patients with HER2-positive disease had better overall survival (p = 0.024), than those with HER2-negative disease, but not time-to-progression between the same patient cohorts. CONCLUSION: This retrospective analysis suggests that there is a possible role for future trials using FES-PET in helping to select patients with ER+/HER2-positive primary tumors who retain ER expression at all sites of disease and may benefit from endocrine therapy.
AIM: To evaluate the nucleic acid sequence-based amplification (NASBA) technique to amplify mRNA isolated from formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded (FFPE) breast-cancer tissues. METHODS: RNA was extracted from archived, 10-year-old FFPE tissues, and selected genes, namely ribosomal protein S18 (RPS18), epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha), Y box binding protein (YBX-1), matrix metallopeptidase 11 (MMP11), caspase 8 (CASP8) and superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2), were amplified by NASBA. RESULTS: Despite strong degradation of the template, RNA amplification of all tested genes resulted in strong hybridisation signals. Sensitivity tests showed that the RPS18 NASBA assay was more sensitive than real-time RT-PCR used as a reference method. The sensitivity of the HER2, ERalpha, MMP11, YBX1, CASP8 and SOD2 NASBA assay was comparable with RT-PCR targeted to the respective genes. CONCLUSIONS: The results obtained indicate that NASBA is suitable to amplify with high specificity and sensitivity, even strongly degraded RNA isolated from FFPE tissues, and therefore can complement already-existing amplification techniques such as RT-PCR for analysis of such tissues.
PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of chemotherapy on invasive disease-free survival (iDFS) and overall survival (OS) in a nationwide cohort of patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-negative/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative, T1abN0 breast cancer. METHODS: Patients with ER-negative/HER2-negative, T1abN0 breast cancer registered in the Danish Breast Cancer Group database between 2007 and 2016 were identified. The effect of adjuvant chemotherapy on iDFS and OS was analyzed with Cox proportional hazards analysis. RESULTS: In total, 296 patients were included in the statistical analyses. Of these, 235 (79.4%) received chemotherapy and 61 patients (20.6%) did not. Patients treated with chemotherapy were significantly younger, had a significantly higher proportion of grade 3 tumors, T1b tumors, and tumors of ductal subtype. With 7.7 years of median follow-up, treatment with chemotherapy was associated with a significant improvement in OS in the adjusted analysis, Hazard Ratio 0.35 (95% Confidence Interval (0.15-0.81), p = 0.02), chemotherapy vs. no chemotherapy. In the unadjusted analyses, patients with both T1a and T1b tumors had significantly improved OS with chemotherapy. At 5 years, OS was 100% vs. 94.4% and 93.8% vs. 81.3% for patients with T1a and T1b tumors, respectively, chemotherapy vs. no chemotherapy. With 4.9 years of median follow-up, iDFS was not significantly improved with chemotherapy. CONCLUSION: Patients with ER-negative/HER2-negative, T1abN0 breast cancer had significantly improved OS when treated with chemotherapy. This improvement was significant in patients with both T1a and T1b tumors, respectively. The effect was, however, limited in patients with T1a tumors.
Proteins and peptides play a pivotal role in key pathological processes, including cancer growth, immune evasion, angiogenesis, and metastasis. Consequently, they are gaining attention as significant biomolecules in the diagnosis and treatment of various diseases. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the latest research trends and technological advancements in protein- and peptide-based cancer diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. It covers the clinical application of major diagnostic markers such as PSA, CA125, HER2, and AFP, as well as therapeutic strategies including monoclonal antibodies, immune checkpoint inhibitors, and anticancer peptides. Additionally, it introduces quantitative analysis techniques such as ELISA, mass spectrometry, and CyTOF, as well as advancements in delivery systems based on nanoparticle-peptide complexes. Peptides offer advantages for precision therapy due to their high target specificity and structural modifiability. However, they also have limitations such as stability, enzymatic degradation, and delivery efficiency. Emerging technologies such as synthetic biology, computational design, and omics-integrated analysis are being developed to address these challenges, and rapid advancements in this field are enhancing the potential for clinical application. This review underscores the potential of protein- and peptide-based strategies for precision cancer diagnosis and personalized therapy and proposes future research directions in this field.
A new and highly efficient visible-light-promoted catalyst free (VLCF) strategy for neat and clean synthesis of spiro indolo-quinazolinone-pyrrolo[3,4-a]pyrrolizine hybrids (6a-d) has been introduced. We have performed visible-light triggered 1,3-Dipolar cycloaddition reaction of maleimide (5a-d) with azomethine ylide generated in situ derived from tryptanthrin (3) and L-proline (4) to obtain desired products (6a-d) in good to excellent yield. Authentication and characterization of product was done using various spectroscopic techniques such as IR, (1)H NMR, (13)C NMR, Mass spectrometry and single crystal XRD analysis. To explain the reaction spontaneity, product stability, reactivity as well as possible mode of the interaction a quantum chemical investigation was performed and depicted through DFT studies. The synthesized compound 6a was also evaluated for anti-proliferative activity against a panel of five cancer cell lines (MCF-7, MDA-MB-231, HeLa, PC-3 and Ishikawa) and normal human embryonic kidney (HEK-293) cell line by using MTT assay. Compound 6a showed very good in vitro anti-proliferative activity (IC(50)  = 6.58-17.98 muM) against four cancer cell lines and no cytotoxicity against normal HEK-293. In order to evaluate the anticancer potential of compounds 6a-d, molecular docking was performed against wild type and mutant EGFR. The results suggest that all the compounds occupied the active site of both enzymes, with a strong binding energy (-10.2 to -11.5 kcal/mol). These results have been confirmed by molecular dynamics simulation by evaluating root mean square deviation (RMSD) and root mean square fluctuation (RMSF), along with principal component analysis (PCA).Communicated by Ramaswamy H. Sarma.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review highlights the numerous molecular biology findings in the field of lung cancer with potential therapeutic impact in both the near and distant future. RECENT FINDINGS: Abundant preclinical and clinical data indicate that BRCA1 mRNA expression is a differential modulator of chemotherapy sensitivity. Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the excision repair cross-complementing 1 gene (ERCC1) influence survival with cisplatin-based chemotherapy. For the first time, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations have been shown to predict dramatic responses in metastatic lung adenocarcinomas. The crosstalk between estrogen and EGFR pathways have also been revealed. MicroRNAs control the expression of cognate target genes and predict relapse in surgically resected non-small-cell lung cancer patients. Overexpression of the Wingless-type (Wnt) genes and methylation of Wnt antagonists have been documented in non-small-cell lung cancer. SUMMARY: Understanding the relevance of these findings can help to change the clinical practice in oncology towards customizing chemotherapy and targeted therapies, leading to improvement both in survival and in cost-effectiveness.
Two types of antibody-labeled nanoparticles (mAb-NPs) were prepared with the aim to achieve specific tumor targeting. Anti-HER2 and anti-CD20 monoclonal antibodies (mAb) were used as model ligands. Small poly(dl-lactic acid) nanoparticles (PLA NPs) with a mean size of about 170 nm were prepared by the salting out method. Thereafter, the coating of PLA NPs with mAbs was performed in two steps. First, thiol groups (-SH) were introduced on the surface of PLA-NPs by a two-step carbodiimide reaction. The number of -SH groups on the surface of NPs increased from 150 to 400 mmol-SH/mol PLA when cystamine concentrations of 25-1518 mol cystamine/mol PLA were used during the thiolation reaction. In the second step, covalent coupling of antibodies to thiolated NPs (NPs-SH) was obtained via a bifunctional cross-linker, m-maleimidobenzoyl-N-hydroxy-sulfosuccinimide ester (sulfo-MBS). For both mAbs anti-HER2 and anti-CD20, respectively, the number of -SH functions on the NPs had no influence on the amount of mAb coupled to the NPs. Approximately, 295 anti-HER2 and 557 anti-CD20 molecules, respectively, were covalently coupled per nanoparticle. The NPs size after the coupling reactions was about 250 nm. The specific interaction between tumor cells and mAb-NPs was determined by confocal microscopy using two cell lines: SKOV-3 human ovarian cancer cells (overexpressing HER2) and Daudi lymphoma cells (overexpressing CD20). The results showed the selective targeting of mAb-NPs to tumor cells overexpressing the specific antigen. While anti-CD20 labeled NPs (anti-CD20 NPs) bound to and remained at the cellular surface, anti-HER2 labeled NPs (anti-HER2 NPs) were efficiently internalized. The mAb-NPs represent a promising approach to improve the efficacy of NPs in active targeting for cancer therapy while the choice of the antibody-target system defines the fate of the mAb-NPs after their binding to the cells.
The overexpression or amplification of the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 gene (HER2/neu) is associated with high risk of brain metastasis (BM). The identification of patients at highest immediate risk of BM could optimize screening and facilitate interventional trials. We performed gene expression analysis using complementary deoxyribonucleic acid-mediated annealing, selection, extension and ligation and real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) in primary tumor samples from two independent cohorts of advanced HER2 positive breast cancer patients. Additionally, we analyzed predictive relevance of clinicopathological factors in this series. Study group included discovery Cohort A (84 patients) and validation Cohort B (75 patients). The only independent variables associated with the development of early BM in both cohorts were the visceral location of first distant relapse [Cohort A: hazard ratio (HR) 7.4, 95 % CI 2.4-22.3; p < 0.001; Cohort B: HR 6.1, 95 % CI 1.5-25.6; p = 0.01] and the lack of trastuzumab administration in the metastatic setting (Cohort A: HR 5.0, 95 % CI 1.4-10.0; p = 0.009; Cohort B: HR 10.0, 95 % CI 2.0-100.0; p = 0.008). A profile including 13 genes was associated with early (</=36 months) symptomatic BM in the discovery cohort. This was refined by qRT-PCR to a 3-gene classifier (RAD51, HDGF, TPR) highly predictive of early BM (HR 5.3, 95 % CI 1.6-16.7; p = 0.005; multivariate analysis). However, predictive value of the classifier was not confirmed in the independent validation Cohort B. The presence of visceral metastases and the lack of trastuzumab administration in the metastatic setting apparently increase the likelihood of early BM in advanced HER2-positive breast cancer.
During the last two decades, kinase inhibitors have become the major drug class for targeted cancer therapy. Although the number of approved kinase inhibitors increases rapidly, comprehensive in vitro profiling and comparison of inhibitor activities is often lacking in the public domain. Here we report the extensive profiling and comparison of 21 kinase inhibitors approved by the FDA for oncology indications since June 2018 and 13 previously approved comparators on panels of 255 biochemical kinase assays and 134 cancer cell line viability assays. Comparison of the cellular inhibition profiles of the EGFR inhibitors gefitinib, dacomitinib, and osimertinib identified the uncommon EGFR p.G719S mutation as a common response marker for EGFR inhibitors. Additionally, the FGFR inhibitors erdafitinib, infigratinib, and pemigatinib potently inhibited the viability of cell lines which harbored oncogenic alterations in FGFR1-3, irrespective of the specific clinical indications of the FGFR inhibitors. These results underscore the utility of in vitro kinase inhibitor profiling in cells for identifying new potential stratification markers for patient selection. Furthermore, comparison of the in vitro inhibition profiles of the RET inhibitors pralsetinib and selpercatinib revealed they had very similar biochemical and cellular selectivity. As an exception, an NTRK3 fusion-positive cell line was potently inhibited by pralsetinib but not by selpercatinib, which could be explained by the targeting of TRK kinases in biochemical assays by pralsetinib but not selpercatinib. This illustrates that unexpected differences in cellular activities between inhibitors that act through the same primary target can be explained by subtle differences in biochemical targeting. Lastly, FLT3-mutant cell lines were responsive to both FLT3 inhibitors gilteritinib and midostaurin, and the PI3K inhibitor duvelisib. Biochemical profiling revealed that the FLT3 and PI3K inhibitors targeted distinct kinases, indicating that unique dependencies can be identified by combined biochemical and cellular profiling of kinase inhibitors. This study provides the first large scale kinase assay or cell panel profiling study for newly approved kinase inhibitors, and shows that comprehensive in vitro profiling of kinase inhibitors can provide rationales for therapy selection and indication expansion of approved kinase inhibitors.
Trastuzumab is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody that is currently approved for the treatment of HER2-neu-positive breast cancer. From a clinical perspective, it is an effective treatment with a relatively favorable benefit/risk profile. From an economic perspective, trastuzumab is an expensive treatment that is associated with high drug acquisition cost. Overall, it appears to provide reasonable 'value for money' (i.e., is cost-effective), especially in the adjuvant as opposed to the palliative setting. Trastuzumab's cost-effectiveness appears to be driven primarily by trastuzumab costs and the magnitude of benefit derived. Longer follow-up of clinical trials is, therefore, required to better estimate the long-term benefits associated with adjuvant trastuzumab, and its true cost-effectiveness in the treatment of HER2-neu-positive breast cancer.
Proteolysis targeting chimera (PROTAC) technology, one of the targeted protein degradation technologies, has drawn marked attention from researchers of both academia and industry in recent years. After over two decades of development, the literature on it has proliferated. In order to better grasp the frontiers and hot spots of PROTAC, this bibliometric analysis was carried out. The articles and reviews regarding PROTAC were culled from the Web of Science Core Collection. General information and the trend of publication outputs, countries/regions, authors, journals, influential papers, and keywords in this field were visually analyzed using CtieSpace, VOSviewer, or Excel software. As a result, a total of 808 publications were included. The number of papers regarding PROTAC significantly increased yearly. These papers mainly come from 45 countries/regions led by the USA and China. 3886 authors were identified participating in these studies, among which Craig M. Crews had the most significant number and influential articles. Journal of Medicinal Chemistry and European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry are the two journals with the most papers. After analysis, the most influential papers were identified in the area, including highly cited papers, references with citation burst, and high co-citated papers. The most common keywords including cancer, E3 ligase, drug discovery, epigenetic, resistance, and so on, represent the current and developing areas of study. BRDs, androgen receptor (AR), HDACs, estrogen receptor (ER), EGFR, CDKs, and KRAS are the most common targets. At last, frontiers and challenges of PROTAC were discussed through the bibliometric analysis. This paper will be helpful for better understanding the frontiers and hotspots of PROTAC.
BACKGROUND: Metronomic chemotherapy has been demonstrated to be of value in patients with advanced breast cancer. No reliable markers of response are available. In breast tumor, HER-2/neu is a prognostic factor, whereas no definite data exist for EGFR. The aim of the study was to evaluate the prognostic and predictive role of serum HER-2/neu and serum EGFR in breast cancer patients treated with low-dose chemotherapy. METHODS: Serum levels of HER-2/neu (n = 135) and of EGFR (n = 113) were prospectively determined before the start of chemotherapy, after 2 months of treatment, and when progressive disease was diagnosed. RESULTS: Elevated (>15 ng/mL) serum HER-2/neu before the start of chemotherapy was not associated with response rate, whereas elevated serum HER-2/neu at 2 months was significantly associated with reduced long-term clinical benefit (24 weeks) (P < .001), as well as changes in HER-2/neu levels between baseline and 2 months (P < .0001). Multivariate analysis identified a >or=20% increase of serum HER-2/neu as an independent factor for progression-free survival (PFS). Kinetics of serum HER-2/neu were significantly associated with PFS (P < .0001) and overall survival (OS) (P = .015). Low baseline serum levels of EGFR (<45 ng/mL) were predictive of reduced response rate both at 2 months (P = .031) and after 24 weeks (P = .022). Moreover, they were significantly associated with reduced PFS (P = .016) and OS (P = .015). CONCLUSIONS: Serum HER-2/neu and EGFR may represent useful markers for early prediction of probability of response, PFS, and OS in patients with advanced breast cancer treated with metronomic chemotherapy.
Recurrent/metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (R/M HNSCC) is a devastating malignancy with a poor prognosis. The combination of cisplatin (CDDP) plus cetuximab (CX) is one of the standard first-line treatments in this disease. However, this therapeutic regimen is often associated with high toxicity and resistance, suggesting that new combinatorial strategies are needed to improve its therapeutic index. In our study, we evaluated the antitumor effects of valproic acid (VPA), a well-known antiepileptic agent with histone deacetylase inhibitory activity, in combination with CDDP/CX doublet in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) models. We demonstrated, in HNSCC cell lines, but not in normal human fibroblasts, that simultaneous exposure to equitoxic doses of VPA plus CDDP/CX resulted in a clear synergistic antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effects. The synergistic antitumor effect was confirmed in four different 3D-self-assembled spheroid models, suggesting the ability of the combined approach to affect also the cancer stem cells compartment. Mechanistically, VPA enhanced DNA damage in combination treatment by reducing the mRNA expression of ERCC Excision Repair 1, a critical player in DNA repair, and by increasing CDDP intracellular concentration via upregulation at transcriptional level of CDDP influx channel copper transporter 1 and downregulation of the ATPAse ATP7B involved in CDDP-export. Valproic acid also induced a dose-dependent downregulation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression and of MAPK and AKT downstream signaling pathways and prevent CDDP- and/or CX-induced EGFR nuclear translocation, a well-known mechanism of resistance to chemotherapy. Indeed, VPA impaired the transcription of genes induced by non-canonical activity of nuclear EGFR, such as cyclin D1 and thymidylate synthase. Finally, we confirmed the synergistic antitumor effect also in vivo in both heterotopic and orthotopic models, demonstrating that the combined treatment completely blocked HNSCC xenograft tumors growth in nude mice. Overall, the introduction of a safe and generic drug such as VPA into the conventional treatment for R/M HNSCC represents an innovative and feasible antitumor strategy that warrants further clinical evaluation. A phase II clinical trial exploring the combination of VPA and CDDP/CX in R/M HNSCC patients is currently ongoing in our institute.
Within the subtypes of breast cancer, those identified as triple negative for expression of estrogen receptor alpha (ESR1), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2), account for 10(-)20% of breast cancers, yet result in 30% of global breast cancer-associated deaths. Thus, it is critical to develop more targeted and efficacious therapies that also demonstrate less side effects. Selenium, an essential dietary supplement, is incorporated as selenocysteine (Sec) in vivo into human selenoproteins, some of which exist as anti-oxidant enzymes and are of importance to human health. Studies have also shown that selenium compounds hinder cancer cell growth and induce apoptosis in cancer cell culture models. The focus of this study was to investigate whether selenium-antibody conjugates could be effective against triple negative breast cancer cell lines using clinically relevant, antibody therapies targeted for high expressing breast cancers and whether selenium cytotoxicity was attenuated in normal breast epithelial cells. To that end, the humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibodies, Bevacizumab and Trastuzumab were conjugated with redox selenium to form Selenobevacizumab and Selenotrastuzumab and tested against the triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) cell lines MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-231 as well as a normal, immortalized, human mammary epithelial cell line, HME50-5E. VEGF and HER2 protein expression were assessed by Western. Although expression levels of HER2 were low or absent in all test cells, our results showed that Selenobevacizumab and Selenotrastuzumab produced superoxide (O(2*)-) anions in the presence of glutathione (GSH) and this was confirmed by a dihydroethidium (DHE) assay. Interestingly, superoxide was not elevated within HME50-5E cells assessed by DHE. The cytotoxicity of selenite and the selenium immunoconjugates towards triple negative cells compared to HME-50E cells was performed in a time and dose-dependent manner as measured by Trypan Blue exclusion, MTT assay and Annexin V assays. Selenobevacizumab and Selenotrastuzumab were shown to arrest the cancer cell growth but not the HME50-5E cells. These results suggest that selenium-induced toxicity may be effective in treating TNBC cells by exploiting different immunotherapeutic approaches potentially reducing the debilitating side effects associated with current TNBC anticancer drugs. Thus, clinically relevant, targeting antibody therapies may be repurposed for TNBC treatment by attachment of redox selenium.
BACKGROUND: Hispolon, a phenolic compound isolated from the medicinal yellow fungal mulberry, exhibits a strong anti-triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) effect. However, the antitumor mechanisms of Hispolon have not been fully explored. OBJECTIVE: In this study, we systematically investigated the mechanism of Hispolon against TNBC based on bioinformatics and in vitro experiments. METHODS: The Hispolon-related targets were first collected from the SwissTarget database. Differential Expression Genes (DEG) were screened between TNBC and normal breast tissue using the Gene Expression Comprehensive (GEO) dataset. The overlapping targets between Hispolon and DEG were analyzed by plotting Venn maps. Protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed to analyze the interactions among these targets. The focus was on mining the core targets of anti-TNBC effects of Hispolon via the Cytohubba and MCODE plugin of Cytoscape 3.7.2 software. We performed survival analysis on these core targets to screen the best-matched targets, including EGFR, KIT, and PLAU. This correlated strongly with our validation of Hispolon by molecular docking. In addition, Gene Ontology (GO) analysis and KEGG pathway analysis were performed using R software (ClusterProfiler package). Finally, in vitro experiments were performed to assess the accuracy of predicted target genes. RESULTS: The ADME results suggested that Hispolon has great potential to develop into a drug. Twenty overlapping targets were screened by matching the 107 targets of Hispolon to the 2,013 targets of TNBC DEG. Seven core targets of Hispolon against TNBC were initially identified, including EGFR, IGFBP3, MMP9, MMP2, MMP1, PLAU, and KIT. GO enrichment analysis demonstrated that the biological process of Hispolon acting on TNBC mainly involves lymphocyte activation in immune response and phosphatidylinositol-mediated signaling. Additionally, the relaxin signaling pathway, estrogen signaling pathway, proteoglycans in cancer, and others might be the key pathways of Hispolon against TNBC. Furthermore, Hispolon inhibited the proliferation of MDA-MB-231 cells in a concentration-dependent manner and regulated the RNA and protein expression of the core targets EGFR, PLAU, and KIT for the treatment of TNBC. CONCLUSION: In this study, the polygenic pharmacological mechanism of action of Hispolon against TNBC was explored through network pharmacology and in vitro experiments, providing a new insight into the mechanism of TCM monomer against TNBC.
Bleeding is one of the serious adverse events of bevacizumab (BV). In our report, two patients had locally advanced breast cancer with bleeding. They received BV plus weekly paclitaxel (PTX), and good local control was observed. Case 1: The patient was a 50-year-old postmenopausal woman. She had left-sided breast cancer (T4cN2cM1 [bone]-stageIV) that was negative for estrogen receptor (ER), negative for progesterone receptor(PgR), and 1+for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). The patient began receiving different regimens of chemotherapy: 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), epirubicin (EPI), and cyclophosphamide(CPA), (FEC); PTX; docetaxel (DTX); and gemcitabine (GEM) plus PTX. Subsequently, she received BV plus PTX. The tumor was markedly reduced in size at the completion of 2 cycles. Bleeding and exudate were also reduced. The patient had a partial response until the sixth cycle, and good local control was obtained. However, the patient had progressive disease at the completion of 8 cycles. Therefore, therapy was changed to capecitabine(CAP)plus CPA, but the patient died one year after she began treatment with BV plus PTX. Case 2: The patient was a 76-year-old postmenopausal woman. She had right-sided breast cancer (T4bN3bM1[lung]-stageIV) that was negative for ER, negative for PgR, and 0 for HER2. The patient began receiving different regimens of chemotherapy: EPI and CPA (EC); and PTX. Subsequently, she received BV plus PTX. The tumor was markedly reduced in size at the completion of 2 cycles. Bleeding and exudate were also reduced. The patient had a partial response until the third cycle, and good local control was obtained. However, the patient had progressive disease at the completion of 4 cycles. Therefore, therapy was changed to CAP and DTX, but the patient died six months after she began treatment with BV plus PTX.
BACKGROUND: Prostate cancer is a common disease in men and at present there is no effective therapy available due to its recurrence despite androgen deprivation therapy. The epidermal growth factor receptor family (EGFR/HER1, HER2/neu and HER3)/PI3K/Akt signaling axis has been implicated in prostate cancer development and progression. However, Erlotinib, an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor, has less effect on proliferation and apoptosis in prostate cancer cell lines. In this study, we evaluate whether MP470, a novel receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor alone or in combination with Erlotinib has inhibitory effect on prostate cancer in vitro and in vivo. METHODS: The efficacy of MP470 or MP470 plus Erlotinib was evaluated in vitro using three prostate cancer cell lines by MTS and apoptosis assays. The molecular mechanism study was carried out by phosphorylation antibody array, immunoblotting and immunohistochemistry. A LNCaP mouse xenograft model was also used to determine the tumor growth inhibition by MP470, Erlotinib or the combination treatments. RESULTS: MP470 exhibits low microM IC50 in prostate cancer cell lines. Additive effects on both cytotoxicity and induction of apoptosis were observed when LNCaP were treated with MP470 in combination with Erlotinib. This combination treatment completely inhibited phosphorylation of the HER family members (HER1, 2, 3), binding of PI3K regulatory unit p85 to HER3 and downstream Akt activity even after androgen depletion. Furthermore, in a LNCaP mouse xenograft model, the MP470-Erlotinib combination produced 30-65% dose-dependent tumor growth inhibition (TGI). CONCLUSION: We propose that MP470-Erlotinib targets the HER family/PI3K/Akt pathway and may represent a novel therapeutic strategy for prostate cancer.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Studies highlighted the bidirectional crosstalk between the HER family members in breast cancer as resistance mechanism to anti-HER agents. Cross-signaling between HER2/EGFR and ER/IGF1R could play role in the development of resistance to therapeutics hence stimulating cell growth. To overcome this resistance, combined therapies targeting both pathways simultaneously have been proposed as an effective strategy. The involvement of miRNAs in resistance of targeted therapies like trastuzumab was demonstrated in recent studies. Hence the regulation of miRNAs in resistance state could reverse the cell behaviour to drugs. Previously we found that overexpression of miR-770-5p downregulated AKT and ERK expression through HER2 signaling and potentiated the effect of trastuzumab. In this study we examined the impact of miR-770-5p on trastuzumab resistance. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Cells were treated with tamoxifen or trastuzumab to examine their role in bidirectional crosstalk. The molecule mechanism of miR-770-5p on HER2/EGFR/IGF1R bidirectional crosstalk was explored by western blot. The expression of miR-770-5p in trastuzumab resistant cells was examined by q-PCR. To investigate the effect of miR-770-5p on cancer cell proliferation in trastuzumab resistance state, resistant cells were analyzed by iCELLigence real-time cell analyzer. RESULTS: miR-770-5p expression was significantly downregulated in trastuzumab-resistant BT-474 and SK-BR-3 cells. Overexpression of miR-770-5p sensitized the resistant cells to trastuzumab, as evidenced by reduced cell proliferation and increased cell viability. Additionally, in resistant cells, increased expression and activation of EGFR and IGF1R were observed. However, miR-770-5p overexpression resulted in decreased phosphorylation of AKT and ERK, indicating its suppressive role in EGFR/HER2 signaling. Furthermore, miR-770-5p downregulated the expression of IGF1R and mTOR, suggesting its involvement in regulating the escape signaling mediated by IGF1R in resistance. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, our findings demonstrate the critical role of miR-770-5p in regulating bidirectional crosstalk and overcoming trastuzumab resistance in breast cancer cells. These results highlight the potential of miR-770-5p as a therapeutic target to improve the efficacy of targeted therapies and address resistance mechanisms in breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) comprises a diverse group of preinvasive lesions in the breast and poses a considerable clinical challenge due to lack of markers of progression. Genomic alterations are to a large extent similar in DCIS and invasive carcinomas, although differences in copy number aberrations, gene expression patterns, and mutations exist. In mixed tumors with synchronous invasive breast cancer (IBC) and DCIS, it is still unclear to what extent invasive tumor cells are directly derived from the DCIS cells. AIM: Our aim was to compare cancer-relevant mutation profiles of different cellular compartments in mixed DCIS/IBC and pure DCIS tumors. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed targeted sequencing of 50 oncogenes in microdissected tissue from three different epithelial cell compartments (in situ, invasive, and normal adjacent epithelium) from 26 mixed breast carcinomas. In total, 44 tissue samples (19 invasive, 16 in situ, 9 normal) were subjected to sequencing using the Ion Torrent platform and the AmpliSeq Cancer Hotspot Panel v2. For comparison, 10 additional, pure DCIS lesions were sequenced. Across all mixed samples, we detected 23 variants previously described in cancer. The most commonly affected genes were TP53, PIK3CA, and ERBB2. The PIK3CA:p.H1047R variant was found in nine samples from six patients. Most variants detected in invasive compartments were also found in the corresponding in situ cell compartment indicating a clonal relationship between the tumor stages. A lower frequency of variants were observed in pure DCIS lesions. CONCLUSION: Similar mutation profiles between in situ and invasive cell compartments indicate a similar origin of the two tumor stages in mixed breast tumors. The lower number of potential driver variants found in pure DCIS compared with the in situ cell compartments of mixed tumors may imply that pure DCIS is captured earlier in the path of progression to invasive disease.
BACKGROUND: For best efficacy, vaccines must provide long-lasting immunity. To measure longevity, memory from B and T cells are surrogate endpoints for vaccine efficacy. When antibodies are insufficient for protection, the immune response must rely on T cells. The magnitude and differentiation of effective, durable immune responses depend on antigen-specific precursor frequencies. However, development of vaccines that induce durable T-cell responses for cancer treatment has remained elusive. METHODS: To address long-lasting immunity, patients with HER2+ (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2) advanced stage cancer received HER2/neu targeted vaccines. Interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot measuring HER2/neu IFN-gamma T cells were analyzed from 86 patients from three time points: baseline, 1 month after vaccine series, and long-term follow-up at 1 year, following one in vitro stimulation. The baseline and 1-month post-vaccine series responses were correlated with immunity at long-term follow-up by logistic regression. Immunity was modeled by non-linear functions using generalized additive models. RESULTS: Antigen-specific T-cell responses at baseline were associated with a 0.33-log increase in response at long-term follow-up, 95% CI (0.11, 0.54), p=0.003. 63% of patients that had HER2/neu specific T cells at baseline continued to have responses at long-term follow-up. Increased HER2/neu specific T-cell response 1 month after the vaccine series was associated with a 0.47-log increase in T-cell response at long-term follow-up, 95% CI (0.27, 0.67), p=2e-5. 74% of patients that had an increased IFN-gamma HER2 response 1 month after vaccines retained immunity long-term. As the 1-month post-vaccination series precursor frequency of HER2+IFN-gamma T-cell responses increased, the probability of retaining these responses long-term increased (OR=1.49 for every one natural log increase of precursor frequency, p=0.0002), reaching an OR of 20 for a precursor frequency of 1:3,000 CONCLUSIONS: Patients not destined to achieve long-term immunity can be identified immediately after completing the vaccine series. Log-fold increases in antigen-specific precursor frequencies after vaccinations correlate with increased odds of retaining long-term HER2 immune responses. Further vaccine boosting or immune checkpoint inhibitors or other immune stimulator therapy should be explored in patients that do not develop antigen-specific T-cell responses to improve overall response rates.
Some chemotherapeutic agents cause cardiotoxic effects including reduction in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and occasionally congestive heart failure. Anthracyclines and HER2 monoclonal antibodies are common offenders, but clinical practice data on LVEF changes, risk factors and acute recovery is lacking. We retrospectively examined the electronic medical record at an academic medical center for receipt of anthracyclines and/or trastuzumab from 2000 to 2013 in cancer patients. Patient characteristics and serial LVEF assessments were collected. Patients with and without LVEF decline were analyzed by univariate and multivariate analysis. A total of 549 patients were identified with anthracycline/trastuzumab use and 216 had multiple LVEF assessments. Only 27 of the 216 patients who had multiple LVEF assessments at multiple occasions suffered a clinically significant LVEF fall (12.5 %), and symptomatic CHF was rare (0.5 %). Compared to unaffected patients, those with a fall in LVEF were more likely to have hypertension, hyperlipidemia or coronary artery disease (CAD). Concomitant trastuzumab and anthracycline use was a risk factor (36 vs 9.5 % for anthracycline alone, p < 0.001). The median time from start of chemotherapy to reduced LVEF was 202 days (5-3008). On multivariate analysis, hypertension and use of trastuzumab remained independent predictors of LVEF fall. Acute recovery in LVEF was observed in 44 % of patients. LVEF changes from cancer therapies are frequent and hard to predict. Hypertension, hyperlipidemia and CAD are associated with LVEF decline. Acute recovery of LVEF is observed in those experiencing treatment-related cardiotoxicity. Attention to timely interruption of cardiotoxic chemo is recommended.
BACKGROUND: Studies regarding the prevalence and factors associated with severe pre-operative chronic kidney disease (CKD) in upper tract urinary carcinoma (UTUC) patients were rare due to the low prevalence of UTUC. We conducted the present study to investigate the prevalence, clinicopathological features, and prognosis in UTUC patients with severe preoperative CKD. METHODS: The study included 731 patients with UTUC treated with radical nephroureterectomy (RNU) in a large Chinese center. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated by re-expressed Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) formulas for the Chinese population. Severe preoperative CKD was defined as CKD stage 4-5 (eGFR <30 mL/min). Relationships of CKD stage 4-5 with clinicopathological characteristics, overall survival (OS), cancer-specific survival (CSS), contralateral recurrence-free survival and intravesical recurrence (IVR)-free survival were analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 73 (10.0%) patients presented severe preoperative CKD in this cohort. Multivariate logistic analysis indicated that female gender (OR =1.791; 95% CI: 1.018-3.150; P=0.043), lower BMI (OR =0.452; 95% CI: 0.262-0.778; P=0.004), concomitant bladder tumor (OR =2.944; 95% CI: 1.360-6.373; P=0.006), lower pathological T stage (OR =0.578; 95% CI: 0.339-0.984; P=0.043), tumor necrosis (OR =2.764; 95% CI: 1.411-5.416; P=0.003), and exposure of aristolochic acid (AA) (OR =3.115; 95% CI: 1.536-6.316; P=0.002) were significantly related to severe CKD. Multivariate Cox's regression analysis showed that severe preoperative CKD was significantly associated with worse OS (HR =1.840; 95% CI: 1.150-2.944; P=0.011) and worse contralateral recurrence-free survival (HR =3.269; 95% CI: 1.607-6.650; P=0.001), while no statistical difference in terms of CSS or IVR-free survival were noticed. CONCLUSIONS: Female gender, lower BMI, concomitant bladder tumor, lower pathological T stage, exposure of AA, and tumor necrosis were independently associated with severe preoperative CKD in UTUC patients. UTUC patients with severe preoperative CKD possess worse OS and higher possibility of contralateral upper urinary tract recurrence.
Mass cytometry with antibodies labelled with stable metal isotopes enables both sensitive imaging and the quantification of protein expression in biological samples. Typically, these specimens are exposed to a panel of labelled antibodies ex vivo, after sample collection. Here, we have developed a rhodium-labelled immunoconjugate of the HER2-targeted therapeutic IgG1 antibody, trastuzumab, and evaluated its in vivo biodistribution using mass cytometry techniques. A Rh(3+) complex of a macrobicyclic sarcophagine (sar, 3,6,10,13,16,19-hexaazabicyclo[6.6.6]icosane) chelator was appended with a dibromopyridazinedione (DBPD), to produce a novel disulfide bond labelling molecule, "Rh-sar-DBPD". Rh-sar-DBPD was site-specifically conjugated to trastuzumab via its four native solvent-accessible disulfide bonds, to yield a near homogeneous, well-defined and stable pyridazinedione (PD) immunoconjugate, Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab, in which four Rh-sar-PD groups were attached per molecule of trastuzumab. Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) and laser ablation inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) were then applied to measure (103)Rh content, as a proxy for Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab accumulation, in in vitro and in vivo studies. ICP-MS in vitro studies indicated HER2-mediated uptake of Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab in HER2-expressing breast cancer cells, with LA-ICP-MS images showing intercellular heterogeneity in Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab uptake. To study the in vivo biodistribution of Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab, female NSG mice bearing orthotopic HCC1954 breast cancer tumours were administered the immunoconjugate. Quantitative ICP-MS of (103)Rh signal in dissected tissues indicated receptor-specific HER2-mediated uptake in tumours, as well as accumulation in the spleen and liver. Finally, LA-ICP-MS imaging analysis of tumour and ovary tissue sections showed heterogeneous uptake in HER2-expressing HCC1954 tumour cells and follicular granulosa cells of the ovaries, which are known to express growth factor receptors. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report in which both ICP-MS and LA-ICP-MS have been used on tissue exposed to a metal-tagged antibody in vivo, enabling quantification of the biodistribution of the novel immunoconjugate, Rh-sar-PD-trastuzumab, in a murine model of breast cancer.
Gastroesophageal cancer is one of the most common cancers in the world, with a high rate of mortality. While there has been significant progress over the past decade, particularly with the addition of anti-HER2 therapies to platinum-based chemotherapy agents in the advanced setting, the prognosis remains poor and the treatment options for this disease entity remain limited. In this review, we discuss the current therapeutic landscape for HER2-positive gastroesphageal cancer and the seminal clinical trials that have shaped our approach to this disease entity. In addition, we highlight some of the challenges to the understanding and management of this disease, specifically discussing the breadth of molecular diversity and intratumoral heterogeneity of HER2 expression that impact the clinical efficacy and prognosis. Furthermore, we discuss the potential role of next-generation sequencing (NGS) and circulating-tumor DNA (ctDNA) as complementary tools to immunohistochemistry (IHC) and fluorescent in-situ hybridization (FISH) to guiding clinical decision making. Finally, we highlight promising clinical trials of new treatment regimens that will likely reshape the therapeutic approach to this disease entity.
Hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR or Met) upregulation has been proven to play important roles in non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). Interestingly, chemoresistance against epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors including erlotinib and gefitinib was also related to Met. Targeting bromodomain and extra terminal domain (BET) proteins, especially BRD4, has shown inhibitory effects on lung cancer, but the mechanism is unclear. Herein, we found that JQ1 (BET inhibitor) suppressed NSCLC cell growth, reduced the Met expression, and contributed to inactivation of PI3K/Akt and MAPK/ERK pathways. Moreover, another BET protein inhibitor I-BET151, or BRD4 depletion, also inhibited NSCLC cell growth and downregulated Met. JQ1 inhibited HGF-induced cell growth and Met/PI3K/Akt activation, also inhibited A549 tumor growth in xenograft mouse models, in parallel with Met downregulation. Moreover, JQ1 inhibited the growth of paired erlotinib-sensitive and resistant HCC827 cells in parallel with Met downregulation and PI3K/Akt signaling inactivation. JQ1 also exerted inhibitory influences on the growth of erlotinib-sensitive and resistant HCC827 tumors in xenograft mouse models. These results suggested that targeting BET proteins inhibited NSCLC via downregulating Met and inactivating PI3K/AKT pathway. Our findings reveal a novel mechanism of BET proteins implicated in NSCLC progression with Met taken into consideration.
BACKGROUND: Discordance in biomarker expression between primary and metastatic tumor sites has been reported in several studies; yet, few have examined this feature in bone lesions. METHODS: We retrospectively enrolled patients with breast cancer metastasis to the bone or bone marrow, excluding cases where samples from both the primary and metastatic lesions were not available. Expression patterns of the estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PgR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and Ki67 were compared in primary tumors and bone or bone marrow lesions. RESULTS: Forty-six patients with a median age of 52 years (range, 34-72 years) were included in the study. Discordant rates of ER, PgR and HER2 were 20%, 46% and 0%, respectively. Physicians usually determined treatment options considering the results of biomarker re-evaluation. It is unlikely that biomarker discordance was related to prior treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Biomarker discordance in bone or bone marrow lesions is common in patients with breast cancer. An accurate and thorough analysis of biomarkers and metastatic tumor properties is important for clinical decision-making.
BACKGROUND: CLEOPATRA is a phase 3 study to compare the efficacy and safety of pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel with placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel in patients with HER2-positive first-line metastatic breast cancer. The results of the primary analysis showed significantly longer median progression-free survival in the pertuzumab group than in the placebo group. Interim analysis of overall survival favoured the pertuzumab group but was not significant. Here, we report results for overall survival after an additional year of follow-up. METHODS: The study was a double-blind randomised trial undertaken at 204 centres in 25 countries. Patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer who had not received previous chemotherapy or biological treatment for their metastatic disease were randomly assigned to receive either pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel (n=402) or the same regimen with a matching placebo replacing pertuzumab (n=406). Randomisation was in a 1:1 ratio, stratified by geographical region and previous treatment status. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (assessed independently), which has been reported previously; no follow-up data were gathered for the primary endpoint. Secondary endpoints included overall survival, progression-free survival (assessed by investigator), objective response rate, and safety. Median follow-up was 30 months in both groups. Efficacy endpoints were analysed in the intention-to-treat population and safety was analysed by treatment received. The study is completed but safety and survival data continue to be followed up. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00567190. FINDINGS: In the intention-to-treat population, 267 patients died by data cutoff (May 14, 2012), 154 (38%) of 406 in the placebo group and 113 (28%) of 402 in the pertuzumab group. Median overall survival was 37.6 months (95% CI 34.3-NE [not estimable]) in the placebo group but had not been reached (95% CI 42.4-NE) in the pertuzumab group (hazard ratio 0.66, 95% CI 0.52-0.84; p=0.0008). Investigator-assessed median progression-free survival was 12.4 months (95% CI 10.4-13.5) in the placebo group and 18.7 months (16.6-21.6) in the pertuzumab group (hazard ratio 0.69, 95% CI 0.58-0.81). Serious adverse events were reported in 115 (29%) of 396 patients who received placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel and 148 (36%) of 408 who received pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel, and included febrile neutropenia, neutropenia, diarrhoea, pneumonia, and cellulitis. Overall, adverse events were similar to those reported at the primary analysis with respect to frequency, severity, and specificity. INTERPRETATION: Our analysis shows a significant improvement in overall survival with pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel in patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer, compared with placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel. Since this effect was not achieved at the expense of adverse events, this regimen represents a substantial improvement on the standard of care for this population of patients. FUNDING: F Hoffmann-La Roche, Genentech.
Targeted anticancer therapies rely on the identification of patient subgroups most likely to respond to treatment. Predictive biomarkers play a key role in patient selection, while diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers expand our understanding of tumor biology, suggest treatment combinations, and facilitate discovery of novel drug targets. We have developed a high-throughput microfluidics method for mutation detection (MUT-MAP, mutation multi-analyte panel) based on TaqMan or allele-specific PCR (AS-PCR) assays. We analyzed a set of 71 mutations across six genes of therapeutic interest. The six-gene mutation panel was designed to detect the most common mutations in the EGFR, KRAS, PIK3CA, NRAS, BRAF, and AKT1 oncogenes. The DNA was preamplified using custom-designed primer sets before the TaqMan/AS-PCR assays were carried out using the Biomark microfluidics system (Fluidigm; South San Francisco, CA). A cross-reactivity analysis enabled the generation of a robust automated mutation-calling algorithm which was then validated in a series of 51 cell lines and 33 FFPE clinical samples. All detected mutations were confirmed by other means. Sample input titrations confirmed the assay sensitivity with as little as 2 ng gDNA, and demonstrated excellent inter- and intra-chip reproducibility. Parallel analysis of 92 clinical trial samples was carried out using 2-100 ng genomic DNA (gDNA), allowing the simultaneous detection of multiple mutations. DNA prepared from both fresh frozen and formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) samples were used, and the analysis was routinely completed in 2-3 days: traditional assays require 0.5-1 microg high-quality DNA, and take significantly longer to analyze. This assay can detect a wide range of mutations in therapeutically relevant genes from very small amounts of sample DNA. As such, the mutation assay developed is a valuable tool for high-throughput biomarker discovery and validation in personalized medicine and cancer drug development.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Improving outcomes for patients with colorectal cancer in both the adjuvant and metastatic setting has been challenging. Here, we review the current and future directions for using ctDNA in clinical practice. RECENT FINDINGS: Circulating tumour DNA (ctDNA) with its ability to detect minimal residual disease is beginning to refine the way we assess recurrence risk in the adjuvant setting. We can potentially tailor treatments to reduce recurrence risk and minimize treatment toxicity. In the metastatic setting, ctDNA can provide a less invasive method of detecting clinically important genetic changes to guide molecularly targeted treatment and to identify mechanisms of molecular resistance. ctDNA can be a surrogate marker for treatment response and help guide the timing of anti-EGFR rechallenge. We await the results of the randomized clinical trials assessing clinical utility of ctDNA in both the adjuvant and metastatic setting before incorporating ctDNA into clinical practice.
The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of the MDR1 C3435T polymorphism on the therapeutic response in 23 patients treated with cetuximab plus irinotecan for irinotecan refractory liver metastatic colorectal cancer considering their KRAS status. Indeed, irinotecan and its active metabolite (SN-38) are both substrates of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) encoded by MDR1. Patients received cetuximab and irinotecan up to progression. The overall survival was 55% at 10 months. Overall, four patients had an undetermined KRAS status and two patients with mutated KRAS were in progression disease. The response to treatment was observed after 3 months among the 17 wild-type KRAS patients. Two patients presented a progressive disease (1 TT and 1 CT), eight patients had a stable disease (5 CC and 3CT) and five patients had a partial response (3 CC and 2 CT). Importantly, 2 patients (2 TT) were in complete response and still alive 5 years after starting the treatment, which suggests that the combination of wild-type KRAS and MDR1 3435 TT may be a factor of good prognosis. These results suggest that EGFR inhibition by cetuximab may overcome this irinotecan resistance by abrogating drug efflux depending on MDR1 3435 polymorphism. Among patients resistant to irinotecan, it is still possible to use the association of cetuximab plus irinotecan to obtain a complete resection of hepatic metastases that is necessary to improve their survival.
Surgery is an obligatory component of treatment for early breast cancer. The last 20 years developments in systemic neoadjuvant therapy have progressively increased pathological complete response (pCR). Pathological complete response is associated with excellent prognosis especially for hormone receptor negative cancers. Therapeutic advances and recognition of the importance of pathological subtype in predicting pCR facilitate identification of subgroups with very high pCR rates. Treatment of HER2 positive hormone receptor negative cancers with combination chemotherapy and multiple targeted anti-HER2 agents results in consistently high pCR rates of 60-83%. Routine surgery in this setting where most patients have no potential to benefit is of questionable value and the option of omitting surgery in these patients should now be explored in a randomized trial. For HER2 positive disease not achieving pCR after neoadjuvant treatment the outcomes are poor. Trials are underway to determine if outcomes for these patients can be improved with alternative targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Pembrolizumab monotherapy is approved in Canada for first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC with PD-L1 >/= 50% and no EGFR/ALK aberrations. However, approximately 55% of these patients do not respond to pembrolizumab, underscoring the need for the early intervention of non-responders to optimize treatment strategies. Distinguishing the 55% sub-cohort prior to treatment is a real-world dilemma. METHODS: In this retrospective study, we analyzed two patient cohorts treated with pembrolizumab monotherapy (training set: n = 97; test set: n = 17). The treatment response was assessed using baseline and follow-up CT scans via RECIST 1.1 criteria. RESULTS: A logistic regression model, incorporating pre-treatment CT radiomic features of lung tumors and clinical variables, achieved high predictive accuracy (AUC: 0.85 in training; 0.81 in testing, 95% CI: 0.63-0.99). Notably, radiomic features from the peritumoral region were found to be independent predictors, complementing the standard CT evaluations and other clinical characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: This pragmatic model offers a valuable tool to guide first-line treatment decisions in NSCLC patients with high PD-L1 expression and has the potential to advance personalized oncology and improve timely disease management.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has been reported to downregulate E-cadherin (E-cad); however, whether the downregulation of E-cad has any effect on EGFR expression has not been elucidated. Our previous studies have found an inverse correlation between EGFR and E-cad expression in tissue specimens of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). To understand the biological mechanisms underlying this clinical observation, we knocked down E-cad expression utilizing E-cad siRNA in four SCCHN cell lines. RESULTS: It was observed that downregulation of E-cad upregulated EGFR expression compared with control siRNA-transfected cells after 72 hours. Cellular membrane localization of EGFR was also increased. Consequently, downstream signaling molecules of the EGFR signaling pathway, p-AKT, and p-ERK, were increased at 72 hours after the transfection with E-cad siRNA. Reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) showed EGFR mRNA was upregulated by E-cad siRNA as early as 24 hours. In addition, RT-PCR revealed this upregulation was due to the increase of EGFR mRNA stability, but not protein stability. Sulforhodamine B (SRB) assay indicated growth of E-cad knocked down cells was enhanced up to 2-fold more than that of control siRNA-transfected cells at 72-hours post-transfection. The effect of E-cad reduction on cell proliferation was blocked by treating the E-cad siRNA-transfected cells with 1 muM of the EGFR-specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor erlotinib. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest for the first time that reduction of E-cad results in upregulation of EGFR transcriptionally. It also suggests that loss of E-cad may induce proliferation of SCCHN by activating EGFR and its downstream signaling pathways.
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to determine the predictive value of breast cancer molecular subclassification regarding the benefit of adjuvant anthracycline-based chemotherapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Tumor samples from 823 patients included in two randomized trials that compared an anthracycline-based chemotherapy with no treatment were used to construct a tissue array. Estrogen receptor (ER), Her2, epidermal growth factor receptor, cytokeratine 5/6 expressions were determined by immunohistochemistry (IHC). The potential predictive factors of treatment effect on disease-free survival (DFS) were assessed by interaction tests and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: Sixty-four (8%), 98 (12%), 109 (14%) and 527 (66%) patients presented a Her2+/ER-, basal-like, Her2-/ER-/nonbasal and luminal-like breast cancer. ER expression, when assessed by IHC, was an independent predictive factor for the benefit of chemotherapy on DFS (test for interaction, P = 0.0015). The molecular subclassification significantly predicted the efficacy of chemotherapy (test for interaction, P = 0.01), but had no significant added value (P = 0.32) as compared to the ER by treatment interaction. Adjuvant chemotherapy was associated with an adjusted hazard ratio for relapse or death of 0.42 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.17-1.05], 0.54 (95% CI: 0.27-1.08), 0.35 (95% CI: 0.18-0.68), 1.07 (95% CI: 0.81-1.41) for patients with Her2+/ER-, basal-like, Her2-/ER-/nonbasal and luminal-like tumors, respectively. CONCLUSION: The breast cancer molecular subclassification was predictive for chemotherapy efficacy in adjuvant setting, but did not provide significant additional information to ER.
Although the EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKI) erlotinib and gefitinib have shown marked effects against EGFR-mutated lung cancer, patients acquire resistance by various mechanisms, including the EGFR T790M mutation and Met induction, consequently suffering relapse. Thus, novel agents to overcome EGFR-TKI resistance are urgently needed. We aimed to investigate the inhibitory effects of a combination of BIBW2992 (irreversible EGFR inhibitor)/ARQ 197 (MET inhibitor) on the human lung adenocarcinoma cell line H1975. H1975 cells (harboring a T790M mutation in EGFR) were treated with erlotinib, BIBW2992 or ARQ 197 separately or with combinations of erlotinib/ARQ 197 or BIBW2992/ARQ 197. Cell growth, apoptosis and cell cycle distribution were evaluated by MTT assay, Annexin V/propidium iodide (PI) double staining and flow cytometry, respectively. EGFR, MET, AKT, ERK and the respective phosphorylated counterparts were detected by western blot analysis. Pathway-specific knockdown of MET and/or EGFR kinase signaling was achieved by siRNA interference. H1975 cells displayed EGFR and MET activation, and were resistant to erlotinib. The BIBW2992/ARQ 197 combination significantly inhibited growth, induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis, and altered the phosphorylation of EGFR, MET, AKT and ERK1/2 in the H1975 cells. Phosphorylation of AKT and ERK1/2, downstream effectors of the EGFR and MET pathways, was not affected by the other tested treatments. Finally, knockdown of MET and/or EGFR in the H1975 cells confirmed the enhanced downstream inhibition of both MET and EGFR pathways. Combination of an irreversible EGFR inhibitor and MET inhibitor is effective in controlling H1975 cells with acquired resistance to erlotinib, by a mechanism involving the downregulation of PI3K/AKT and MEK/ERK signaling pathways.
PURPOSE: To establish a highly sensitive and specific approach for the detection of circulating PIK3CA H1047R mutation in breast cancer (BC) patients and to investigate the association between the prevalence of PIK3CA H1047R mutation and clinical presentations. METHODS: A proper blocker was designed in an allele-specific manner and optimized for PCR-based identification of the PIK3CA H1047R mutation. The established technique was validated in cell-free DNA samples from 196 recruited BC patients. RESULTS: The allele-specific PCR assay with a properly designed blocker was able to detect the H1047R mutant variant with 0.01%. By applying the newly established assay, 62 cases (31.6% of the total recruited cases) were found to carry a blood-circulating H1047R mutant. Wherein, the detected mutant rates increased with disease stages from 2/18 (11.1%) of stage I to 17/71 (23.9%) of stage II, 20/53 (37.7%) of stage III, and 23/31 (42.6%) of stage IV (p = 0.025), respectively. Higher frequencies of H1047R mutation were associated with late-stage (p = 0.033) or recurrence (p = 0.045) or metastatic patients (p = 0.049) as well as radiation-treated human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) positive BC (p = 0.004). PIK3CA mutant carriers were frequently observed in patients under the age of 50 who had liver-metastasized or brain metastases or lymph node-invaded (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A novel allele-specific PCR assay with high sensitivity was established successfully for the detection of the PIK3CA H1047R mutation in clinical practice.
BACKGROUND: A combination of taxanes and cisplatin have shown modest activity as second-line chemotherapy in breast cancer patients who have been exposed to anthracyclines. The purpose of this study was to retrospectively assess whether HER2 is associated with clinical sensitivity or with prognostic significance in breast cancer patient groups who had received chemotherapy with taxanes and cisplatin. METHODS: Patients were treated either with docetaxel 60 mg/m square or paclitaxel 175 mg/m square in combination with cisplatin 50 mg/m/every 3 weeks. The tumor specimens were checked for estrogen receptor (ER), progestrone receptor (PR), and HER2 status by immunohistochemical stain. Prognostic factors such as performance status, status of metastases, history of prior anthracycline response, and biomarkers such as ER and HER2 were analyzed. RESULTS: Ninety patients were eligible for HER2 assessment. Only eighty-five patients were eligible for response assessment. The overall response rate to chemotherapy with the taxanes/cisplatin regimen was 52%. In patients who were HER2-positive, the response rate was 62% and in HER2-negative patients, it was 46%, p= 0.17. Univariate analysis showed no prognostic factors were significant in predicting a response to chemotherapy. In addition, it appeared that there was no difference in time to progression and overall survival based on HER2 status. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicated that HER2 status is independent of a response to a taxanes/cisplatin combination and is also not a prognostic factor for survival.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common malignancies in the Western world and Jordan. v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma (KRAS) mutations represent an early event in the development and progression of CRC. Previous studies have demonstrated that KRAS mutations serve as a predictor of response to EGFR-targeted therapies for patients with metastatic CRC. The aim of this study was to determine the portion of CRC patients with wildtype KRAS status and molecular subtypes of KRAS mutations in Jordan as compared with other countries. DNA was isolated from 100 consecutive colorectal carcinoma specimens from patients who underwent surgical resection or colonoscopic biopsies of colorectal tumors and had developed metastatic disease. KRAS mutations were detected by hybridization-based strip assay as well as RT-PCR-based assay and confirmed by standard Sanger sequencing of codon 12 and 13 of exon 1 of the KRAS gene. Among 100 tested patients, 56% had a wt-KRAS genotype and 44% had a mutated KRAS genotype. The pGly12Asp was the most commonly detected mutation (54.5%). KRAS mutations were independently associated with patient age, gender and tumoral variables. The ratio of mutated versus wt-KRAS patients in this study is similar to those reported in Western countries but contrasts to neighboring Middle Eastern countries. Colorectal carcinoma cases from Jordan had higher KRAS mutation frequencies compared with other Middle Eastern countries which is likely to reflect different molecular pathogenesis and environmental exposures.
Pertuzumab is a monoclonal antibody against HER2. Diarrhea and abdominal pain are common adverse events of pertuzumab-based therapy, occurring in almost 70% of patients. The incidence of gastrointestinal toxicities intensifies when pertuzumab is given in combination with chemotherapy. Rifaximin, a non-absorbable oral antibiotic, may provide symptomatic relief in patients with refractory gastrointestinal toxicities from pertuzumab-based therapy beyond standard routine antidiarrheal medications. We present a case of HER2-related therapy-induced diarrhea and abdominal pain managed successfully with Rifaximin.
The PI3K pathway is a key mechanism of trastuzumab resistance, but early attempts to indirectly target this pathway with mTOR inhibitors have had limited success. We present the results of a preclinical study of the selective alpha/delta isoform dominant PI3K inhibitor BAY 80-6946 tested alone and in combination with HER2-targeted therapies in HER2-positive cell lines, including models with acquired resistance to trastuzumab and/or lapatinib. A panel of HER2-positive breast cancer cells were profiled for their mutational status using Sequenom MassARRAY, PTEN status by Western blot, and anti-proliferative response to BAY 80-6946 alone and in combination with the HER2-targeted therapies trastuzumab, lapatinib and afatinib. Reverse phase protein array was used to determine the effect of BAY 80-6946 on expression and phosphorylation of 68 proteins including members of the PI3K and MAPK pathways. The Boyden chamber method was used to determine if BAY 80-6946 affected cellular invasion and migration. BAY 80-6946 has anti-proliferative and anti-invasive effects when used alone in our panel of cell lines (IC50s 3.9-29.4 nM). BAY 80-6946 inhibited PI3K signalling and was effective in cells regardless of their PI3K, P53 or PTEN status. The combination of HER2-targeted therapies and BAY 80-6946 inhibited growth more effectively than either therapy used alone (with clear synergism in many cases), and can restore sensitivity to trastuzumab and lapatinib in cells with acquired resistance to either trastuzumab and/or lapatinib. The addition of BAY 80-6946 to HER2-targeted therapy could represent an improved treatment strategy for patients with refractory metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer, and should be considered for clinical trial evaluation.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Local ablative treatments for oligo-progressive, EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer (mut-NCSLC) may improve long-term disease control and survival. We analyzed the efficacy of hypo-fractionated, high-dose radiation therapy (HDRT), in association with prolonged EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) in oligo-progressive, EGFR mutant-NSCLC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Progression-free survival-1 (PFS-1, date from initiation of TKI therapy until oligo-progression or death), and progression-free survival-2 (PFS-2, date of focal progression until further progression or death) were evaluated. RESULTS: Thirty-six patients were analyzed. The median PFS 1 was 12.5 months. HDHRT consisted of intensity-modulated RT and stereotactic RT in 23 (64%) and 13 (36%) patients respectively. The median PFS 2 was 6.3 months. Overall survival was 38.7 months. CONCLUSION: Hypo-fractionated HDRT plus TKI therapy, is associated with a significant prolongation of disease control (overall PFS: 18.8 months), with manageable side effects. These real-world data support the use of local ablative approaches in oligo-progressive EGFR mut-NSCLC.
INTRODUCTION: Neoadjuvant chemoradiation (CRT) for rectal cancer induces variable responses, and better response has been associated with improved oncologic outcomes. Our group has previously shown that the administration of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors, commonly known as statins, is associated with improved response to neoadjuvant CRT in rectal cancer patients. The purpose of this study was to study the effects of simvastatin on colorectal cancer cells and explore its potential as a radiation-sensitizer in vitro. METHODS: Four colorectal cancer cell lines (SW480, DLD1, SW837, and HRT18) were used to test the effects of simvastatin alone, radiation alone, and combination therapy. Outcome measures included ATP-based cell viability, colony formation, and protein (immunoblot) assays. RESULTS: The combination of radiation and simvastatin inhibited colony formation and cell viability of all four CRC lines, to a greater degree than either treatment alone (p < 0.01). In addition, the effects of simvastatin in this combination therapy were dose dependent, with increased concentrations resulting in more potentiated inhibitory effects. The radiosensitizing effects of simvastatin on cell viability were negated by the presence of exogenous GGPP in the media. On protein analyses of irradiated cells, simvastatin treatment inhibited phosphorylation of ERK1/2, in a dose-dependent manner, while the total levels of ERK1/2 remained stable. In addition, the combined treatment resulted in increased levels of cleaved caspase 3, indicating greater apoptotic activity in the cells treated with radiation and simvastatin together. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with simvastatin hindered CRC cell viability and enhanced radiation sensitivity in vitro. These effects were tied to the depletion of GGPP and the decreased phosphorylation of ERK1/2, suggesting a prominent role for the EGFR-RAS-ERK1/2 pathway, through which statin enhances radiation sensitivity.
Wnt and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway abnormalities and de-stabilization of cell adhesion are all important aspects of the pathogenesis of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). Herein we investigated how the expression of related protein markers may affect the outcome of patients bearing TNBC treated in the adjuvant setting. Immunohistochemistry for beta-catenin, Myc (Wnt pathway), E-cadherin, P-cadherin (cell-adhesion), EGFR and cytokeratin 5 (CK5) (identification of basal-like tumors) was carried out in 364 centrally confirmed TNBCs. Survival analysis was performed with Cox-regression models according to dichotomized continuous protein expression data and marker interactions. In 352 evaluable tumors, 81.5% were basal-like TNBC. E-cadherin and P-cadherin were positively associated, with co-expression being present in 68% of tumors. Individual markers did not affect patient outcome. However, a statistically significant interaction was shown such that low expression of beta-catenin in the cell membrane, defined as expression below the median of the H-score distribution, was associated with unfavourable disease-free survival among tumors that expressed EGFR, but not in the absence of EGFR expression (interaction p=0.0085). The interaction persisted after correcting for clinicopathological variables. A considerable number of TNBC co-expresses E-cadherin and P-cadherin, while membranous localization of beta-catenin may predict patient outcome in an EGFR-dependent manner. This novel interaction seems worthy for validating with regards to its biological and clinical relevance.
In this study, we aimed to develop anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) indocyanine green (ICG)-doxorubicin (DOX)-encapsulated polyethylene glycol-poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) diblock copolymeric nanoparticles (HIDPPNPs) to explore the co-administration of phototherapy and chemotherapy for HER2-overexpressing breast cancer, a highly aggressive and medicine-resistant breast carcinoma. The HIDPPNPs were fabricated using a solvent evaporation technique followed by carbodiimide-mediated antibody conjugation on the nanoparticle surface. Compared with freely dissolved ICG, the HIDPPNPs conferred enhanced thermal stability to the entrapped ICG, were able to generate a hyperthermia effect at concentrations >/=1 muM ICG equivalent and provided increased production of singlet oxygen under 808-nm laser irradiation with an intensity of 6 W/cm(2). Furthermore, the uptake efficiency of the HIDPPNPs in MDA-MB-453/HER2(+) cells was approximately 2-fold higher than that in MCF7/HER2(-) cells, demonstrating that the HIDPPNPs specifically target HER2-expressing cells. Based on the viability analysis, the HIDPPNPs exhibited effective cytotoxicity upon light exposure (808 nm; 6 W/cm(2)), and the resulting cell death rate was even higher than that caused by using twice amount of encapsulated DOX or ICG alone. These results indicate that the developed HIDPPNPs may serve as a feasible tool for use in anti-HER2 breast cancer therapy with reduced chemotoxicity.
GATA transcription factor family members have been found to play a critical role in the differentiation of many tissue types. For example, GATA-3 has been found to be highly correlated with estrogen receptor alpha (ER) expression and is emerging as one of the "master regulators" in breast ductal epithelial cell differentiation. Recently, we discovered another GATA family member highly prevalent in breast cancer called the trichorhinophalangeal syndrome-1 gene (TRPS-1). Using a quantitative immunohistochemistry (qIHC) approach, we found that TRPS-1 was significantly correlated with ER, PR, GATA-3, as well as HER2 expression. However, TRPS-1 was also found to be expressed in a high proportion of ER(-) ductal epithelial breast cancers (BCs), indicating that it may act as a ductal epithelial cell-specific transcription factor regulating cell fate at some point in the epithelial cell differentiation pathway. In keeping with this hypothesis, we found that TRPS-1 protein expression in BC above a certain threshold using qIHC correlated with markedly improved overall survival. Cox proportional hazards analysis found that both TRPS-1 and ER expression above critical threshold equally predicted for improved survival. Thus, TRPS-1 may be a powerful new positive prognostic marker in BC, and further IHC studies, as well as examination of its molecular function in ductal epithelial cell differentiation in the breast, are warranted. In this regard, data on the role of TRPS-1 in the differentiation of cells from mesenchymal precursors in other tissues, such as kidney metanephric mesenchymal cells, columnar chondrocytes, and osteoblasts, in mouse models may be useful. Indeed, these studies have found that TRPS-1 is a critical regulator of mesenchymal-to-epithelial cell transition. In the mammary gland, the restricted expression of TRPS-1 in human, mouse, and rat ductal epithelial cells suggests that it may also play a similar role during ductal luminal progenitor/stem cell differentiation. We present a model of TRPS-1 action in which it may act upstream of GATA-3 and ER on an earlier ductal epithelial progenitor cell or mammary stem cell during mammary gland development and also helps prevent reversion of ER(+) BC cells back into mesenchymal-like cells. This model predicts that BCs with low or no TRPS-1 expression may inherently be much less differentiated and more aggressive tumors with less favorable prognosis.
Previously we have generated inducible liver tumor models by transgenic expression of Myc or xmrk (activated EGFR homolog) oncogenes in zebrafish. To investigate the interaction of the two oncogenes, we crossed the two transgenic lines and observed more severe and faster hepatocarcinogenesis in Myc/xmrk double transgenic zebrafish than either single transgenic fish. RNA-Seq analyses revealed distinct changes in many molecular pathways among the three types of liver tumors. In particular, we found dramatic alteration of cancer metabolism based on the uniquely enriched pathways in the Myc/xmrk tumors. Critical glycolytic genes including hk2, pkm and ldha were significantly up-regulated in Myc/xmrk tumors but not in either single oncogene-induced tumors, suggesting a potential Warburg effect. In RT-qPCR analyses, the specific pkm2 isoformin Warburg effect was found to be highly enriched in the Myc/xmrk tumors but not in Myc or xmrk tumors, consistent with the observations in many human cancers with Warburg effect. Moreover, the splicing factor genes (hnrnpa1, ptbp1a, ptbp1b and sfrs3b) responsible for generating the pkm isoform were also greatly up-regulated in the Myc/xmrk tumors. As Pkm2 isoform is generally inactive and causes incomplete glycolysis to favor anabolism and tumor growth, by treatment with a Pkm2-specific activator, TEPP-46, we further demonstrated that activation of Pkm2 suppressed the growth of oncogenic liver as well as proliferation of liver cells. Collectively, our Myc/xmrk zebrafish model suggests synergetic effect of EGFR and MYC in triggering Warburg effect in the HCC formation and may provide a promising in vivo model for Warburg effect.
AIM: Treatment strategies for patients with human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC) have significantly progressed. The use of trastuzumab, a monoclonal antibody targeting the HER2 (human epidermal growth factor 2) protein, in combination with chemotherapy improves survival in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer. S-1, an oral combination of fluorouracil derivatives, is widely used in Japan and is more convenient than intravenous drugs. However, little is known about the combination of S-1 and trastuzumab in patients with HER2-positive MBC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We conducted a single-arm, open-label, multicenter prospective phase II study to evaluate the efficacy of an S-1 plus trastuzumab regimen for HER2-positive MBC. S-1 was administered orally [80-120 mg, based on body surface area (BSA)] twice a day for 14 consecutive days in a 3-week cycle. Patients with BSA of <1.25 m(2) received a total of 80 mg of S-1, those with BSA >/=1.5 m(2) received 120 mg, and the remaining received 100 mg daily in two divided doses. Trastuzumab was administered intravenously at 8 mg/kg on day 1 of the first cycle and at 6 mg/kg on day 1 of subsequent cycles, i.e., every 3 weeks. RESULTS: Between December 2008 and March 2013, 10 patients were enrolled and received a median of 17 (range=3-76) cycles of treatment. Overall response and clinical benefit rates were 60.0% and 90.0%, respectively. Progression-free survival was 15.8 (95% confidence interval=9.4-29.6) months and overall survival was 45.5 (95% confidence interval=37.1-62.2) months. Grade 3/4 adverse events included were neutropenia and hyperglycemia in one patient each (10.0%). There was no clinically significant cardiotoxicity. CONCLUSION: The combination of S-1 and trastuzumab was tolerable and had excellent efficacy with good response and disease control in this study. S-1 plus anti-HER2 therapy is a feasible treatment option for HER2-positive MBC.
5-Fluorouracil (5-Fu) is a widely applied anti-cancer agent against colorectal cancer (CRC), yet a number of CRC patients have developed resistance to 5-Fu-based chemotherapy. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is recognized as an oncogene that promotes diverse cancer progresses. In addition, long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are essential regulators of cancers. Here we report that EGFR and lncRNA-FGD5-AS1 promoted 5-Fu resistance of CRC. By establishing the 5-Fu-resistant CRC cell line, we detected that EGFR, FGD5-AS1, and glucose metabolism were significantly elevated in 5-Fu-resistant CRC cells. A microRNA-microarray analysis revealed that miR-330-3p functions as a downstream effector of FGD5-AS1. FGD5-AS1 directly sponged miR-330-3p to form a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) network, leading to inhibition of miR-330-3p expression. Furthermore, bioinformatics analysis revealed that Hexokinase 2 (HK2) was a potential target of miR-330-3p, which was validated by luciferase assay. Rescue experiments demonstrated that FGD5-AS1 promotes glycolysis through modulating the miR-330-3p-HK2 axis, leading to 5-Fu resistance of CRC cancer cells. Finally, in vitro and in vivo xenograft experiments consistently demonstrated that inhibition of EGFR by the specific inhibitor erlotinib effectively enhanced the anti-tumor toxicity of 5-Fu by targeting the EGFR-FGD5-AS1-miR-330-3p-HK2 pathway. In summary, this study demonstrates new mechanisms of the EGFR-modulated 5-Fu resistance through modulating the noncoding RNA network, contributing to development of new approaches against chemoresistant CRC.
BACKGROUND: Real-world evidence specific to HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer (MBC) prior to introduction of CDK4/6 inhibitors is limited. In an effort to provide context for the introduction of new treatments, we assessed treatment patterns, adverse events, productivity loss, and direct/indirect economic burden in a privately insured population of patients with HR+/HER2- MBC. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using a retrospective cohort design, patients aged 18-64 years, selected from MarketScan databases (2007-2014), were analyzed using descriptive and multivariable methods. RESULTS: Among 5,563 eligible patients, endocrine therapy was the most common first-line (1L) therapy; its utilization trended downward from 63% (1L) to 23% (4L), with a simultaneous increase in chemotherapy use, 25% (1L) to 50% (4L). Two hundred and seventy-eight unique treatment regimens were used in the 1L setting. The average per patient monthly all-cause costs were $14,424. The 12-month indirect costs for short-term disability were substantially higher in MBC patients ($10,397) than in matched noncancer patients ($394). CONCLUSION: The increasing use of chemotherapy as patients progressed to second and later lines and the substantial direct/indirect economic burden underscore an unmet need. The high number of 1L regimens highlights significant heterogeneity and a lack of consensus related to the management of HR+/HER2- MBC in routine practice.
The discovery of mutated oncogenes has opened up a new era for the development of more effective treatments for non-small cell lung cancer patients (NSCLC) harbouring EGFR mutations. However, patients with EGFR-activating mutation ultimately develop acquired resistance (AR). Several studies have identified some of the mechanisms involved in the development of AR to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) that can be potential therapeutic strategies, although in up to 30% of cases, the underlying mechanism of AR are still unexplained. In this review we aim to summarize the main mechanisms of AR to EGFR TKI and some clinical strategies that can be used in the daily clinical practice to overcome this resistance and try to prolong the outcomes in this subgroup of patients.
The pyrimidine core-containing compound Osimertinib is the only epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) from the third generation that has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to target threonine 790 methionine (T790M) resistance while sparing the wild-type epidermal growth factor receptor (WT EGFR). It is nearly 200-fold more selective toward the mutant EGFR as compared to the WT EGFR. A tertiary cystein 797 to serine 797 (C797S) mutation in the EGFR kinase domain has hampered Osimertinib treatment in patients with advanced EGFR-mutated non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This C797S mutation is presumed to induce a tertiary-acquired resistance to all current reversible and irreversible EGFR TKIs. This review summarizes the molecular mechanisms of resistance to Osimertinib as well as different strategies for overcoming the EGFR-dependent and EGFR-independent mechanisms of resistance, new challenges, and a future direction.
Breast cancer (BC) is the leading cause of cancer mortality among women in Ethiopia. Overall, women of African ancestry have the highest death toll due to BC compared to other racial/ethnic groups. The cause of the disparity in mortality is unclear. Recently, studies conducted in the United States and other high-income countries highlighted the role of microbial dysbiosis in BC initiation, tumor growth, and treatment outcome. However, the extent to which inter-individual differences in the makeup of microbiota are associated with clinical and histopathological outcomes in Ethiopian women has not been studied. The goal of our study was to profile the microbiome in breast tumor and normal adjacent to tumor (NAT) tissues of the same donor and to identify associations between microbial composition and abundance and clinicopathological factors in Ethiopian women with BC. We identified 14 microbiota genera in breast tumor tissues that were distinct from NAT tissues, of which Sphingobium, Anaerococcus, Corynebacterium, Delftia, and Enhydrobacter were most significantly decreased in breast tumors compared to NAT tissues. Several microbial genera significantly differed by clinicopathological factors in Ethiopian women with BC. Specifically, the genus Burkholderia more strongly correlated with aggressive triple negative (TNBC) and basal-like breast tumors. The genera Alkanindiges, Anoxybacillus, Leifsonia, and Exiguobacterium most strongly correlated with HER2-E tumors. Luminal A and luminal B tumors also correlated with Anoxybacillus but not as strongly as HER2-E tumors. A relatively higher abundance of the genus Citrobacter most significantly correlated with advanced-stage breast tumors compared to early-stage tumors. This is the first study to report an association between breast microbial dysbiosis and clinicopathological factors in Ethiopian women.
BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a common condition that increases mortality and the risk of cardiovascular and other morbidities regardless of underlying renal condition. Chronic inflammation promotes renal fibrosis. Recently, renal B cell infiltrates were described in chronic kidney disease of various etiologies beyond autoimmunity. METHODS: We here investigated B cells and indicators of tertiary lymphoid structure formation in human renal biopsies. Renal function was studied during long-term B cell depletion in human patients with membranous nephropathy and with CKD of unknown origin. RESULTS: Cytokine profiles of tertiary lymphoid structure formation were detected in human renal interstitium in a range of kidney diseases. Complex B cell structures consistent with tertiary lymphoid organ formation were evident in human membranous nephropathy. Here, B cell density did not significantly associate with proteinuria severity, but with worse excretory renal function. Proteinuria responses mostly occurred within the first 6 months of B cell depletion. In contrast, recovery of excretory kidney function was observed only after 18 months of continuous therapy, consistent with a structural process. Renal tertiary lymphatic structures were also detected in the absence of autoimmune kidney disease. To start to address whether B cell depletion may affect CKD in a broader population, we assessed kidney function in neurologic patients with CKD of unknown origin. In this cohort, eGFR significantly increased within 24 months of B cell depletion. CONCLUSION: Long-term B cell depletion associated with significant improvement of excretory kidney function in human CKD. Kinetics and mechanisms of renal B cell aggregation should be investigated further to stratify the impact of B cells and their aggregates as therapeutic targets.
AIMS AND BACKGROUND: Erlotinib approval was supported by the positive results of a large multicentric phase III trial (BR.21 study) that included 10% Asiatic patients and the remaining were North-American Caucasian. It is well-known that the efficacy of tyrosine kinase inhibitors is strongly influenced by ethnicity and other genetic factors. It is, therefore, relevant to establish whether the same profile of efficacy is seen in an unselected population and whether the results of BR.21 can be generalized to other patient populations, such as that described here. METHODS: In this retrospective, observational, multicentric study, we assessed effectiveness and potentially response predictive factors in 222 unselected Italian patients, with stage IIIB/IV non-small-cell lung cancer, with performance status from 0 to 3, who had received at least one line of chemotherapy, treated with the standard dose of erlotinib (150 mg once daily) until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. RESULTS: The disease control rate was 60.9% (135 patients). Median progression-free survival and overall survival times were 3.1 months and 7.97 months, respectively. The characteristics of non-smoker, female gender, performance status 0 or 1 were associated with a significantly better prognosis in terms of disease control rate and were also predictive of longer overall survival and progression-free survival. The 1-year survival rate was 38.79%. Even though Italian patients baseline characteristics were strongly different to those reported in pivotal BR.21 trial in terms of age, performance status, line treatment and ethnic group, our study confirms the favorable effectiveness profile in real clinical practice of erlotinib according to results from the pivotal study BR.21. CONCLUSIONS: Today, we know that epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status assessment is mandatory before starting first-line therapy and that the presence of only certain clinical characteristics initially associated with sensitivity to EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors, as reported in this study, is not sufficient in selecting patients candidates to such treatments.
This systematic review and meta-analysis study investigates the predictive and prognostic value of PIK3CA mutations for HER2-positive breast cancer treated with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). A search of the Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases yielded 17 eligible studies (1706 patients). In 10 neoadjuvant studies, the pathological complete response rate was significantly higher in wild-type PIK3CA (WT) patients than in mutated PIK3CA (MT) patients (OR = 0.45; 95% CI = 0.31-0.65; P < 0.001). In five metastasis studies, the pooled objective response rate was significantly higher in WT patients than in MT patients (OR = 0.40; 95% CI = 0.23-0.70; P = 0.001). Four metastasis studies indicated that PIK3CA mutations had a marginally significant relationship with poor progression-free survival and overall survival. Thus, PIK3CA mutations have predictive value for the treatment response of early/advanced-stage HER2-positive breast cancer treated with TKI-containing regimens.
A subset of triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) is characterized by overexpression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and loss of PTEN, and patients with these determinants have a poor prognosis. We used cell line models of EGFR-positive/PTEN null TNBC to elucidate the signaling networks that drive the malignant features of these cells and cause resistance to EGFR inhibitors. In these cells, amphiregulin (AREG)-mediated activation of EGFR results in up-regulation of fibronectin (FN1), which is known to be a mediator of invasive capacity via interaction with integrin beta1. EGFR activity in this PTEN null background also results in Wnt/beta-catenin signaling and activation of NF-kappaB. In addition, AKT is constitutively phosphorylated in these cells and is resistant to gefitinib. Expression profiling demonstrated that AREG-activated EGFR regulates gene expression differently than EGF-activated EGFR, and functional analysis via genome-scale shRNA screening identified a set of genes, including PLK1 and BIRC5, that are essential for survival of SUM-149 cells, but are uncoupled from EGFR signaling. Thus, our results demonstrate that in cells with constitutive EGFR activation and PTEN loss, critical survival genes are uncoupled from regulation by EGFR, which likely mediates resistance to EGFR inhibitors.
BACKGROUND: High-mobility group AT-hook1 (HMGA1) protein plays an important role in various diseases. However, the contribution of HMGA1 in breast cancer remains to be tapped. METHODS: The expression of HMGA1 was analyzed in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and TIMER database, and immunohistochemistry was performed in 39 breast cancer (BC) patients. The correlation between HMGA1 expression and prognosis was evaluated using Kaplan-Meier plotter (KM plotter) in patients with breast cancer. Then, cBioPortal and bc-GenExMiner were requisitioned to analyze the contribution of HMGA1 expression to clinical features. In order to reveal the function of HMGA1 in breast cancer cells, enrichment analysis was performed using the clusterProfiler R software package. Moreover, CCK8 assay, EdU assay, and Cell Cycle Assay were performed to assess the proliferation, and transwell assay was used to evaluate cell migration and invasion. Flow cytometry was used to explore the role of HMGA1 on cell apoptosis. After that, the effect of HMGA1 on signaling pathways in BC cells was detected by western blot. RESULTS: HMGA1 was highly expressed in a variety of tumors tissues, including BC. High HMGA1 expression was correlated with poor prognosis in BC patients. Meanwhile, HMGA1 expression was increased in molecular phenotypes with poor prognosis (ER-, PR-, and HER2+) and associated with high-grade group, lymph node metastasis, and NPI (Nottingham Prognostic Index). Further, function analysis revealed HMGA1 was enriched in DNA replication and cell cycle pathways in breast cancer. Moreover, knockdown of HMGA1 caused apoptosis, inhibited proliferation, migration, and invasion of MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cells, in which the oncogenic signaling pathway of PI3K/AKT/MMP9 played a critical role. CONCLUSIONS: HMGA1 was important for breast cancer progression and was a critical prognostic indicator, prompting a potential therapeutic target of breast cancer.
The heterogeneity both within and between breast cancers presents a significant clinical challenge for both diagnosis and therapy. This heterogeneity is present at all levels of analysis in breast cancer, ranging from genomic to metabolomic. A function of this heterogeneity is that numerous signaling networks are activated, and while treatment of one arm may be initially effective, this allows the tumor to be poised to evolve a resistance mechanism. Here we review the classification of breast cancers and discuss therapy of hormone positive, HER2 positive, and triple negative breast cancers. Model systems for breast cancer are examined allowing for a preclinical trial using a personalized medicine approach to be tested. This preclinical trial was based solely on cell signaling pathway activation and effectively and specifically blocked tumor growth in a preclinical model system.
PURPOSE: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) have revolutionized cancer management. However, molecular determinants of response to ICIs remain incompletely understood. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: We performed genomic profiling of 78 patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who underwent anti-PD-(L)1 therapies by both whole-exome and targeted next-generation sequencing (a 422-cancer-gene panel) to explore the predictive biomarkers of ICI response. Tumor mutation burden (TMB), and specific somatic mutations and copy-number alterations (CNA) were evaluated for their associations with immunotherapy response. RESULTS: We confirmed that high TMB was associated with improved clinical outcomes, and TMB quantified by gene panel strongly correlated with WES results (Spearman's rho = 0.81). Compared with wild-type, patients with FAT1 mutations had higher durable clinical benefit (DCB, 71.4% vs. 22.7%, P = 0.01) and objective response rates (ORR, 57.1% vs. 15.2%, P = 0.02). On the other hand, patients with activating mutations in EGFR/ERBB2 had reduced median progression-free survival (mPFS) compared with others [51.0 vs. 70.5 days, P = 0.0037, HR, 2.47; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.32-4.62]. In addition, copy-number loss in specific chromosome 3p segments containing the tumor-suppressor ITGA9 and several chemokine receptor pathway genes, were highly predictive of poor clinical outcome (survival rates at 6 months, 0% vs. 31%, P = 0.012, HR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.09-4.00). Our findings were further validated in two independently published datasets comprising multiple cancer types. CONCLUSIONS: We identified novel genomic biomarkers that were predictive of response to anti-PD-(L)1 therapies. Our findings suggest that comprehensive profiling of TMB and the aforementioned molecular markers could result in greater predictive power of response to ICI therapies in NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: Patients with brain oligometastases have better prognosis than those with synchronous extracranial metastases in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, studies focusing on intracranial-only recurrence after curative surgery remained scarce. This study aimed to explore distinct features of patients with exclusive brain relapse after resection of lung adenocarcinoma. METHODS: Records were retrospectively reviewed of 2809 patients who had complete resection and pathologically confirmed stage IB-IIIA NSCLC in our hospital from October 2012 to September 2019. Patients were enrolled if they were adenocarcinoma and developed intracranial recurrence thereafter. They were divided into two groups depending on whether they had synchronous extracranial metastases. Clinical and pathological features of patients enrolled were collected and compared between groups. RESULTS: Ninety-seven lung adenocarcinoma patients with intracranial recurrences were enrolled. The median follow-up time was 40 months. Fifty patients (51.5%) had brain oligometastases and 47 patients had synchronous extracranial metastases (ECM). Multivariate logistic regression suggested EGFR-sensitive mutation and male sex were positively correlated to brain-only recurrence (OR = 2.59, 95%CI 1.04-6.84 and OR = 2.58, 95% CI 1.05-6.75), while higher clinical stage was associated with synchronous ECM (stage II (OR = 0.33, 95%CI 0.09-1.14) or stage IIIA (OR = 0.54, 95%CI 0.20-1.38) versus stage I). No other pathological feature (lymphovascular invasion, visceral pleural invasion, low tumor differentiation, etc.) or adjuvant chemotherapy was associated with intracranial-only relapse after complete resection of primary tumor. CONCLUSION: Among patients with brain relapse after resection of lung adenocarcinoma, patients with EGFR mutations might have intracranial relapse only without synchronous extracranial metastases. Further prospective studies are warranted to verify this.
The publication of the "Molecular Testing Guideline for Selection of Lung Cancer Patients for EGFR and ALK Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors: Guideline From the College of American Pathologists, International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer, and Association for Molecular Pathology" has now provided a guideline for biomarker testing for first-generation lung cancer tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Biomarker testing has forever altered the role of pathologists in the management of patients with lung cancer. Current, unresolved issues in the precision medicine of lung cancer will be addressed by the development of new biomarker tests, new drugs, and new test technologies and by improvement in the cost to benefit ratio of biomarker testing.
BACKGROUND: Aromatase inhibitor (AI) has been established as an effective endocrine therapy in estrogen receptor (ER)-positive postmenopausal breast cancer patients. Our recent proteomic analysis demonstrated that ten proteins were significantly altered in their expression levels before and after the therapy in the patients receiving neoadjuvant AI. Among these newly identified proteins, heat-shock protein 70 (HSP-70) was the most significantly correlated with both clinical and pathological responses. Therefore, in this study, we further evaluated the significance of this HSP-70 alteration using immunohistochemistry. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 32 patients treated with neoadjuvant exemestane or letrozole in whom pre- and post-treatment tumor tissues were available were included. Immunohistochemical evaluation of ER, progesterone receptor (PgR), Her-2, Ki-67 and HSP-70 was performed. Results obtained were compared to both clinical and biological responses of the patients. RESULTS: The majority of the patients responded to treatment (16 patients with partial response, 14 with stable disease and 2 with progressive disease). The means of ER, Ki-67 and HSP-70 were significantly different between treatment responders and non-responders. Decrement of HSP-70 and Ki-67 after AI treatment and pretreatment Ki-67 labeling index of >10% tumor cells were significantly associated with clinical responsiveness to AI treatment (p<0.0001). There was a significant positive correlation between changes of HSP-70 and Ki-67 before and after the therapy. CONCLUSION: Decrement of HSP-70 in breast carcinoma cells plays important roles in therapeutic mechanisms of AIs through suppressing tumor cell proliferation in breast cancer patients.
Androgen receptor has been implicated in the pathogenesis of breast carcinoma. In this study, we explored the potential role of androgen receptor in breast cancer by analyzing its expression using immunohistochemistry and its relationship with tumor progress (ductal carcinoma in situ [DCIS] versus invasive ductal carcinoma [IDC]); nuclear grades (high grade [HG] versus non-high grade); expression of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), HER-2; and 3 molecular classifications: cytokeratin classification, triple (ER/PR/HER-2) negative classification, and ER/HER-2 classification in 184 breast carcinomas. We found that (1) lack of androgen receptor expression was associated with HG-IDC and with basal subtypes of HG-IDC, suggesting androgen receptor may play an important role in preventing the invasive transformation in this subgroup of breast carcinoma. (2) HG-IDC and HG-DCIS more frequently expressed androgen receptor than ER (55%-93% for androgen receptor and 18%-30% for ER) and were frequently androgen receptor+/ER- (63% for HG-DCIS and 39% for HG-IDC), which made androgen receptor a possible therapeutic target. (3) One third of HG-IDC was negative for androgen receptor, ER, PR, and HER-2, suggesting that further studies are needed to identify other key molecules for targeted therapy. We purpose that androgen receptor should be routinely measured for breast cancer.
AIM: To report epidemiologic and anatomoclinical transitions of inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) in Tunisia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data including clinico-pathological data for208 cases of T4d or PEV 3 non-metastatic breast cancer diagnosed between 2005 and 2010 were collected from patient records. Chi2 and Z tests were used to compare variables with two Tunisian historical series and a series about Arab-American patients. RESULTS: Thirty three percent of our patients had their first child before 23 years of age and 56% had their menarche before 12 years, 75% never receiving oral contraception. Obesity was observed in 42% of women and IBC occurred during pregnancy in 13% of cases. Tumor grade was II-III in 90% of cases, HR was negative in 52%, HER2 was over expressed in 31% and invasion of more than 3 axillary nodes occurred in 18% of patients. We observed a pCR rate of 19% after neoadjuvant treatment (anthracyline-taxane used in 79%, trastuzumab in 27% ). Compared to historical Tunisian series (since 1996), IBC epidemiology remained stable in terms of median age, menopausal status and obesity. However we observed a significant decrease in median clinical tumor size and number of positive axillary lymph nodes. Comparison to IBC in Arab-Americans showed a significant difference in terms of median age, menopausal status, positivity of hormonal receptors and educational level. CONCLUSIONS: Our assessment of epidemiologic transition showed a reduction of clinco-pathological stage of IBC, keeping the same characteristics as compared to Tunisian historical series over a period of 14 years. Features seem to be different in Arab-American patients, probably related to migration, "occidentalization" of life style and improvement in socio-economic level.
AIM OF THE STUDY: This study aimed to assess the efficacy of anthracycline-based (AB) and non-anthracycline-based (nAB) adjuvant therapies in the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive non-metastatic BC (nMBC) patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This retrospective study included women with HER2-positive BCs (stage I-III) treated with trastuzumab from 2008 to 2017. The patients were divided into two groups, including 196 patients in group AB and 67 in group nAB. RESULTS: Cox's proportional hazard regression analysis showed no unfavourable predictors for five-year overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) except for stage and hormone therapy. The OS rate was 67.9% in group AB and 80.6% in group nAB (p = 0.630). The DFS rate was 61.6% in group AB compared with 67.1% in group nAB (p = 0.447). CONCLUSIONS: The results showed no difference between the efficacies of AB and nAB regimens in HER2-positive nMBCs in adjuvant setting. Therefore, selecting the nAB regimen can reduce the serious damage caused by the AB regimen.
Gene amplification is a major genetic alteration in human cancers. Amplicons, amplified genomic regions, are believed to contain "driver" genes responsible for tumorigenesis. However, the significance of co-amplified genes has not been extensively studied. We have established an integrated analysis system of amplicons using retrovirus-mediated gene transfer coupled with a human full-length cDNA set. Applying this system to 17q12-21 amplicon observed in breast cancer, we identified GRB7 as a context-dependent oncogene, which modulates the ERBB2 signaling pathway through enhanced phosphorylation of ERBB2 and Akt. Our work provides an insight into the biological significance of gene amplification in human cancers.
BACKGROUND: Recent studies have investigated the features of breast cancer (BC) with low human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression or HER2-0 expression. However, the results were inconsistent. In this study, we investigated the differences in the pathological complete response (pCR) rate and disease-free survival (DFS) between HER2-low and HER2-0 BC patients and between subgroups. METHODS: HER2-negative BC patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy between January 2013 and December 2019 in our hospital were retrospectively reviewed. First, the pCR rate and DFS were compared between HER2-low and HER2-0 patients and among different hormone receptor (HR) and HER2 statuses. Subsequently, DFS was compared between different HER2 status populations with or without pCR. Finally, a Cox regression model was used to identify the prognostic factors. RESULTS: Overall, 693 patients were selected: 561 were HER2-low, and 132 were HER2-0. Between the two groups, there were significant differences in N stage (P = 0.008) and HR status (P = 0.007). No significant difference in the pCR rate (12.12% vs 14.39%, P = 0.468) or DFS was observed, independent of HR status. HR+/HER2-low patients had a significantly worse pCR rate (P < 0.001) and longer DFS (P < 0.001) than HR-/HER2-low or HER2-0 patients. In addition, a longer DFS was found in HER2-low patients versus HER2-0 patients among those who did not achieve pCR. Cox regression showed that N stage and HR status were prognostic factors in the overall and HER2-low populations, while no prognostic factor was found in the HER2-0 group. CONCLUSION: This study suggested that HER2 status is not associated with the pCR rate or DFS. Longer DFS was found only among patients who did not achieve pCR in the HER2-low versus HER2-0 population. We speculated that the interaction of HR and HER2 might have played a crucial role in this process.
Breast cancer, the most prevalent cancer affecting women worldwide, poses a significant cardio-oncological burden. Despite advancements in novel therapeutic strategies, anthracyclines, HER2 antagonists, and radiation remain the cornerstones of oncological treatment. However, each carries a risk of cardiotoxicity, though the molecular mechanisms underlying these adverse effects differ. Common mechanisms include DNA damage response, increased reactive oxygen species, and mitochondrial dysfunction, which are key areas of ongoing research for potential cardioprotective strategies. Since these mechanisms are also essential for effective tumor cytotoxicity, we explore tumor-specific effects, particularly in hereditary breast cancer linked to BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations. These genetic variants impair DNA repair mechanisms, increase the risk of tumorigenesis and possibly for cardiotoxicity from treatments such as anthracyclines and HER2 antagonists. Novel therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors, are used in the clinic for triple-negative breast cancer and improve the oncological outcomes of breast cancer patients. This review discusses the molecular mechanisms underlying BRCA dysfunction and the associated pathological pathways. It gives an overview of preclinical models of breast cancer, such as genetically engineered mouse models, syngeneic murine models, humanized mouse models, and various in vitro and ex vivo systems and models to study cardiovascular side effects of breast cancer therapies. Understanding the underlying mechanism of cardiotoxicity and developing cardioprotective strategies in preclinical models are essential for improving treatment outcomes and reducing long-term cardiovascular risks in breast cancer patients.
Background: The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic introduced a global distraction effect in cancer patients' care. The aim of this study was to explore the effect of the pandemic on the largest molecular diagnostics center for cancer patients and high-risk individuals in Serbia.Research design and methods: EGFR, KRAS/NRAS, BRAF, and BRCA1/2 mutation testing were performed by qPCR and NGS. NGS was used for panel testing of hereditary breast/ovarian cancer and cancers associated with Lynch syndrome. The analytical output during the state of emergency (SoE) was compared to the period before and after the outbreak using one-way ANOVA. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05.Results: A 38% reduction in the number of analysis was detected during the SoE. After the SoE, a 19% reduction was noted compared to SoE and 50% compared to the period before the SoE (p = 0.038). Three of the 48 scheduled appointments for pretest genetic counseling were carried out during the SoE, but the number of NGS tests increased by 50%.Conclusions: The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic had a profound negative effect on the diagnostic output of our centralized molecular diagnostics center. The only positive effect was shortening of waiting lists for hereditary cancer patients and high-risk individuals.
The insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) signaling pathway is implicated in the development of cancer. High levels of circulating IGF1 and certain genetic polymorphisms of IGF1 and IGFBP3 are associated with an increased risk of several common cancers. The IGF1 receptor (IGF1R) has been shown to be expressed in a wide range of tumors, and IGF1R signaling is crucial for tumor transformation and the survival of malignant cells. Several monoclonal antibodies and small-molecule inhibitors have been tested in preclinical studies and early-phase clinical studies. IGF1R signaling interferes with numerous growth factors and receptors such as VEGF and EGFR. In the experimental system, IGF1R signaling has been found to correlate with resistance to therapies based on the inhibition of EGFR and HER2. This Review highlights the most relevant studies in this exciting area of research, focusing in particular on the role of IGF1R in resistance to other receptor-targeted therapies for cancer.
BACKGROUND: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) alterations poses a substantial treatment challenge. Current HER2-targeted therapies offer limited efficacy. Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) targeting HER2 have emerged as a promising therapeutic strategy. This study aimed to evaluate the clinical response to a novel ADC drug Disitamab vedotin (RC48) in advanced NSCLC with HER2 alterations. METHODS: This study conducted a retrospective review of patients harboring HER2 alterations treated with RC48 in the real world. Clinical outcomes were evaluated in terms of objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: Out of 22 patients, 21 (95.5%) received RC48 combination therapy, while one received RC48 monotherapy. The ORR of all patients reached 45.5%, and the DCR stood at 90.9%. The median PFS (mPFS) was 7.5 months. Among patients receiving RC48 combination therapy, the ORR was 47.7%, and the mPFS of 8.1 months. The combination of RC48 with platinum+/- bevacizumab resulted in the highest ORR of 71.4% (5 out of 7 patients), with HER2 TKI following at a 50.0% ORR (4 out of 8 patients). First-line (1L) treatment with RC48 showed an ORR of 62.5% (5 out of 8 patients), second-line (2L) treatments had a 57.1% ORR (4 out of 7 patients), and beyond second-line (>2L) treatments exhibited a 14.3% ORR (1 out of 7 patients). Patients with 1L, 2L, or >2L treatment had a mPFS of 8.1 months, 7.2 months, and 7.4 months, respectively. Patients with HER2 mutations or amplifications, and those with concurrent mutations and amplifications at baseline, showed mPFS of 8.1 months, 9.4 months, and 7.4 months, respectively. The mPFS was significantly longer in patients with HER2 amplification. The most common adverse events included hand-foot syndrome (54.5%), asthenia (50.0%), decreased white blood cell count (45.5%), and liver impairment (45.5%). Grade 3 adverse events occurred in one (4.5%) patient. CONCLUSION: RC48, particularly in combination regimens, demonstrates promising efficacy in advanced NSCLC with HER2 alterations. These findings underscore the need for further research to validate RC48's application in clinical practice.
Skin cancers such as squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) are among the most aggressive types of tumors. They come with a high rate of growth, metastasis, and frequently occurring chemoresistance. Smoking is one of the risk factors for SCC progression, and the alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (alpha7-nAChR) is a promising target for SCC therapy. Human secreted protein SLURP-1 is an auto/paracrine regulator of epithelial homeostasis and a selective negative allosteric modulator of alpha7-nAChR. Recently, we demonstrated the high efficiency of the therapy based on the recombinant SLURP-1 in controlling SCC cell growth and metastasis in vivo. The anti-tumor effect of SLURP-1 was mediated through interaction with both alpha7-nAChR and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Cytotoxic antibiotic doxorubicin has been proposed for the SCC therapy; however, its use is limited due to the high toxicity. In this study we investigated the use of an enhanced SLURP-1 dose and of a combination of SLURP-1 with low-dozen doxorubicin for SCC treatment of mice xenografted with squamous cell carcinoma A431 cells. An increased SLURP-1 dose didn't significantly enhance the efficiency of the therapy. However, the combination with doxorubicin further enhanced the anti- tumor activity of SLURP-1 and dramatically suppressed metastasis. The effect from the combined therapy was accompanied by down-regulation of EGFR expression in tumors. Direct inhibition of EGFR activation by SLURP-1 was shown. No toxicity of the combined therapy was encountered. Our data indicate that the combination of SLURP-1 with chemotherapy in lower doses is a promising approach in SCC treatment and should be further studied.
(-)-Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), a major biologically active constituent of green tea, inhibits activation of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR) and downstream signaling pathways in several types of human cancer cells, but the precise mechanism is not known. Because several plasma membrane-associated receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) including EGFR are localized in detergent-insoluble ordered membrane domains, so-called "lipid rafts," we examined whether the inhibitory effect of EGCG on activation of the EGFR is associated with changes in membrane lipid order in HT29 colon cancer cells. First, we did cold Triton X-100 solubility assays. Phosphorylated (activated) EGFR was found only in the Triton X-100-insoluble (lipid raft) fraction, whereas total cellular EGFR was present in the Triton X-100-soluble fraction. Pretreatment with EGCG inhibited the binding of Alexa Fluor 488-labeled EGF to the cells and also inhibited EGF-induced dimerization of the EGFR. To examine possible effects of EGCG on membrane lipid organization, we labeled the cells with the fluorescent lipid analogue 1, 1'-dihexadecyl-3,3,3',3'-tetramethylindocarbocyanine perchlorate, which preferentially incorporates into ordered membrane domains in cells and found that subsequent treatment with EGCG caused a marked reduction in the Triton X-100-resistant membrane fraction. Polyphenon E, a mixture of green tea catechins, had a similar effect but (-)-epicatechin (EC), the biologically inactive compound, did not significantly alter the Triton X-100 solubility properties of the membrane. Furthermore, we found that EGCG but not EC caused dramatic changes in the function of bilayer-incorporated gramicidin channels. Taken together, these findings suggest that EGCG inhibits the binding of EGF to the EGFR and the subsequent dimerization and activation of the EGFR by altering membrane organization. These effects may also explain the ability of EGCG to inhibit activation of other membrane-associated RTKs, and they may play a critical role in the anticancer effects of this and related compounds.
Colorectal cancer is the third most prevalent cancer and a leading cause of cancer death. Metastatic colorectal cancer patients are treated with anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies in combination with chemotherapy; however, the efficiency is only 10-20% of such patients. An increasing amount of data has demonstrated that response to anti-EGFR therapies is confined to patients with KRAS and BRAF wild type tumors but still some of these patients are non responders to this treatment. The presence of oncogenic deregulation of different members of EGFR downstream signaling or crosstalk molecules could predict the lack of response in these patients. In this study, 40 wild type KRAS and BRAF colorectal tumors were analyzed to elucidate whether PML-RARa bcr1 fusion gene may play a role in colorectal carcinogenesis. Specifically we want to determine if this fusion could be responsible for the inability to respond to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies. Here, for the first time it is reported, that PML-RARa bcr1 fusion is not responsible for colorectal tumor development and also, this translocation is not predicting the lack of efficacy of anti-EGFR therapies in wild type KRAS and BRAF colorectal cancer patients. These results also suggest that PML-RARa is unlikely to be a promising target for adjuvant therapy in colorectal cancer patients.
Somatic activating mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are one of the most common oncogenic drivers in cancers such as non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), metastatic colorectal cancer, glioblastoma, head and neck cancer, pancreatic cancer, and breast cancer. Molecular-targeted agents against EGFR signaling pathways have shown robust clinical efficacy, but patients inevitably experience acquired resistance. Although immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) targeting PD-1/PD-L1 have exhibited durable anti-tumor responses in a subset of patients across multiple cancer types, their efficacy is limited in cancers harboring activating gene alterations of EGFR. Increasing studies have demonstrated that upregulation of new B7/CD28 family members such as B7-H3, B7x and HHLA2, is associated with EGFR signaling and may contribute to resistance to EGFR-targeted therapies by creating an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment (TME). In this review, we discuss the regulatory effect of EGFR signaling on the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway and new B7/CD28 family member pathways. Understanding these interactions may inform combination therapeutic strategies and potentially overcome the current challenge of resistance to EGFR-targeted therapies. We also summarize clinical data of anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies in EGFR-mutated cancers, as well as ongoing clinical trials of combination of EGFR-targeted therapies and anti-PD-1/PD-L1 immunotherapies.
PURPOSE: To investigate the association between tumor volume growth rate after the nadir and survival in patients with EGFR-mutant advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) treated with erlotinib. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Seventy-one patients with EGFR-mutant advanced NSCLC treated with erlotinib were studied for computed tomography tumor volume kinetics during therapy. The tumor growth rate after nadir was obtained using a previously published analytic module for longitudinal volume tracking to study its relationship with overall survival (OS). RESULTS: The median tumor volume for the cohort was 19,842 mm(3) at baseline and 4,083 mm(3) at nadir. The median time to nadir was 6.2 months. The tumor growth rate after nadir for log(e)V (the natural logarithm of tumor volume measured in mm(3)) was 0.11/mo on average for the cohort (SE: 0.014), which was very similar to the previously validated reference value of 0.12/mo to define slow and fast tumor growth. The OS of 48 patients with slow tumor growth (</= 0.12/mo) was significantly longer compared with 23 patients with fast tumor growth (> 0.12/mo; median OS: 37.8 v 25.0 months; P = .0012). In Cox models, tumor growth rate was also associated with survival (regression coefficient: 3.9903; P = .0024; faster rate leads to increased hazards), after adjusting for time to nadir (regression coefficient: -0.0863; P = .0008; longer time to nadir leads to decreased hazards) and smoking history. CONCLUSION: In patients with EGFR-mutant advanced NSCLC treated with erlotinib, slower tumor growth rates after nadir were associated with longer OS, providing a rationale for using tumor growth rates to guide precision therapy for lung cancer.
There is increasing evidence for the role of wild-type p53 induced phosphatase 1 (Wip1) phosphatase in the regulation of tumorigenesis. To evaluate Wip1 as a breast cancer oncogene, we generated a mouse strain with targeted expression of Wip1 to the breast epithelium. We found that these mice are prone to cancer when intercrossed with transgenics expressing the ErbB2 oncogene but not conditional knockouts for Brca2. This tumor-prone phenotype of Wip1 is fully eliminated through attenuation of proliferation by activating the MKK6/p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) cascade in mice bearing a constitutively active form of MKK6. We propose that Wip1 phosphatase operates within the MKK6/p38 MAPK signaling pathway to promote ErbB2-driven mammary gland tumorigenesis.
Lung adenocarcinoma (LADC) is the most common subtype of lung cancer worldwide and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has a great influence on its clinical course, mainly due to the influence of different phenotypes. The Aurora kinase A (AURKA) would influence the progression of several solid malignancies. However, whether the interaction between EGFR phenotypes and AURKA would influence the clinical characteristics of LADC remains unknown. Herein, this study aimed to explore the effects of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of AURKA and EGFR phenotypes on the clinicopathological characteristics of LADC. Four loci of AURKA SNPs (rs1047972, rs2273535, rs6024836, and rs2064863) were genotyped using TaqMan allelic discrimination in 105 wild-type EGFR individuals and 167 LADC patients with EGFR mutations. After the statistical analysis, patients with LADC who had CT heterozygotes of AURKA rs1047972 had a lower risk of EGFR mutations than patients with wild-type homozygotes. Moreover, female and nonsmoking patients who carried the CT genotype of AURKA rs1047972 had a lower risk of EGFR mutation (p = 0.008 and p = 0.004, respectively). Moreover, in patients with EGFR mutations, AURKA SNP rs6024836 G allele (AG + GG) carriers had a lower risk of developing advanced-stage LADC (stage III or IV; odds ratio = 0.423, 95% confidence interval: 0.203-0.879, p = 0.019) than patients with AA homozygotes. Our results suggested that AURKA rs1047972 variants are significantly associated with EGFR mutations among patients with LADC, particularly in female and nonsmoking patients. AURKA variants may contribute to the pathological development of LADC.
Estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancers overall have a good prognosis, however, some patients suffer relapses and do not respond to endocrine therapy. The purpose of this study was to determine whether there are any correlations between high-resolution magic angle spinning (HR-MAS) magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) metabolic profiles of core needle biopsy (CNB) specimens and the molecular markers currently used in patients with ER-positive breast cancers. The metabolic profiling of CNB samples from 62 ER-positive cancers was performed by HR-MAS MRS. Metabolic profiles were compared according to human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and Ki-67 status, and luminal type, using the Mann-Whitney test. Multivariate analysis was performed with orthogonal projections to latent structure-discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA). In univariate analysis, the HER2-positive group was shown to have higher levels of glycine and glutamate, compared to the HER2-negative group (P<0.01, and P <0.01, respectively). The high Ki-67 group showed higher levels of glutamate than the low Ki-67 group without statistical significance. Luminal B cancers showed higher levels of glycine (P=0.01) than luminal A cancers. In multivariate analysis, the OPLS-DA models built with HR-MAS MR metabolic profiles showed visible discrimination between the subgroups according to HER2 and Ki-67 status, and luminal type. This study showed that the metabolic profiles of CNB samples assessed by HR-MAS MRS can be used to detect potential prognostic biomarkers as well as to understand the difference in metabolic mechanism among subtypes of ER-positive breast cancer.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate medical resource utilisation and timeliness of access to specific aspects of a standard care pathway for breast cancer at tertiary centres in sub-Saharan Africa. DESIGN: Data were retrospectively abstracted from records of patients with breast cancer treated within a prespecified 2-year period between 2014 and 2017. The study protocol was approved by local institutional review boards. SETTING: Six tertiary care institutions in Ghana, Kenya and Nigeria were included. PARTICIPANTS: Health records of 862 patients with breast cancer were analysed: 299 in Ghana; 314 in Kenya; and 249 in Nigeria. INTERVENTIONS: As directed by the treating physician. OUTCOME MEASURES: Parameters selected for evaluation included healthcare resource and use, medical procedure turnaround times and out-of-pocket (OOP) payment patterns. RESULTS: Use of mammography or breast ultrasonography was <45% in all three countries. Across the three countries, 78%-88% of patients completed tests for hormone receptors and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). Most patients underwent mastectomy (64%-67%) or breast-conserving surgery (15%-26%). Turnaround times for key procedures, such as pathology, surgery and systemic therapy, ranged from 1 to 5 months. In Ghana and Nigeria, most patients (87%-93%) paid for diagnostic tests entirely OOP versus 30%-32% in Kenya. Similarly, proportions of patients paying OOP only for treatments were high: 45%-79% in Ghana, 8%-20% in Kenya and 72%-89% in Nigeria. Among patients receiving HER2-targeted therapy, the average number of cycles was five for those paying OOP only versus 14 for those with some insurance coverage. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with breast cancer treated in tertiary facilities in sub-Saharan Africa lack access to timely diagnosis and modern systemic therapies. Most patients in Ghana and Nigeria bore the full cost of their healthcare and were more likely to be employed and have secondary or postsecondary education. Access to screening/diagnosis and appropriate care is likely to be substantively lower for the general population.
OBJECTIVES: Although human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is considered as a favorable prognostic factor in oropharyngeal cancer, the prognosis of HPV-associated tonsil cancer has rarely been studied especially when surgery was the main treatment. In this study, the authors investigated the effect of p16 over-expression (HPV infection) on tonsil cancer prognosis according to the type of treatment, HPV presence by PCR, and expression of p53 and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) by immunohistochemistry (IHC). METHODS: Medical records of 33 tonsil cancer patients were reviewed. Using formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded tumor specimens, PCR-based genotyping of HPV and IHC of p16, p53 and EGFR were performed. The effects of HPV presence and the expression of IHC markers were analyzed on the recurrence-free survival. Five-year disease-free survival (DFS) rates were evaluated according to p16 expression status. RESULTS: An over-expression of p16 was observed in 27 (81.9%) out of 33 cases. Surgery-based treatment was provided for 21 (63.6%) patients. There was no association between p16 immunoreactivity and HPV presence, nor with p53 and EGFR expression. Regardless of main treatment modalities, five-year DFS did not differ by p16 expression status (P=0.051). However, over-expression of p16 was associated with a lower recurrence in multivariable analyses (P=0.046). CONCLUSION: Regardless of main treatment modalities, an over-expression of p16 (HPV infection) is associated with a lower recurrence in tonsil cancers. However it is not associated with simple HPV presence or p53 and EGFR over-expression.
Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) is a powerful technique for examining gene expression changes during tumorigenesis. Target gene expression is generally normalized by a stably expressed endogenous reference gene; however, reference gene expression may differ among tissues under various circumstances. Because no valid reference genes have been documented for human breast cancer cell lines containing different cancer subtypes treated with transient transfection, we identified appropriate and reliable reference genes from thirteen candidates in a panel of 10 normal and cancerous human breast cell lines under experimental conditions with/without transfection treatments with two transfection reagents. Reference gene expression stability was calculated using four algorithms (geNorm, NormFinder, BestKeeper and comparative delta Ct), and the recommended comprehensive ranking was provided using geometric means of the ranking values using the RefFinder tool. GeNorm analysis revealed that two reference genes should be sufficient for all cases in this study. A stability analysis suggests that 18S rRNA-ACTB is the best reference gene combination across all cell lines; ACTB-GAPDH is best for basal breast cancer cell lines; and HSPCB-ACTB is best for ER+ breast cancer cells. After transfection, the stability ranking of the reference gene fluctuated, especially with Lipofectamine 2000 transfection reagent in two subtypes of basal and ER+ breast cell lines. Comparisons of relative target gene (HER2) expression revealed different expressional patterns depending on the reference genes used for normalization. We suggest that identifying the most stable and suitable reference genes is critical for studying specific cell lines under certain circumstances.
Activation of Akt signaling pathway has been documented in various human malignancies, including breast carcinoma. The objective of this study is to determine the incidence of Akt phosphorylation in breast tumours and its relationship with expression of ER-alpha, ER-beta, HER2, Ki-67 and phosphorylated Bcl-2 associated death domain (p-BAD). Immunohistochemical staining was performed to detect these molecules on 43 paraffin-embedded breast tumour tissues with commercially available antibodies. Eighteen (41.9%), 3 (7.0%), 23 (53.5%), 35 (81.4%), 21 (48.8%), 29 (67.4%), and 34 (81.0%) of breast tumours were positive for nuclear ER-alpha, nuclear ER-beta, membranous HER2, cytonuclear p-Akt (Thr308), p-Akt (Ser473), p-BAD and Ki-67, respectively. ER-alpha expression was inversely correlated with HER2 and Ki-67 (P = 0.041 and P = 0.040, respectively). The p-Akt (Ser473) was correlated with increased level of p-BAD (Ser136) (P = 0.012). No relationship of Akt phosphorylation with HER2, ER-alpha or ER-beta was found. The p-Akt (Ser473) immunoreactivity was significantly higher in stage IV than in stage I or II (P = 0.036 or P = 0.009). The higher Ki-67 and lower ER-alpha expression showed an association with patient age of <50 years (P = 0.004) and with positive nodal status (P = 0.033), respectively. Our data suggest that the Akt phosphorylation and inactivation of its downstream target, BAD may play a role in survival of breast cancer cell. This study does not support the simple model of linear HER2/PI3K/Akt pathway in breast cancer.
OBJECTIVES: Anti-angiogenic agents are reported to exert clinical activity on epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant non-small-cell lung cancers. We evaluated the clinical outcomes of nintedanib and docetaxel in refractory NSCLC according to EGFR mutation status during the Korean nintedanib named patient program. METHODS: Docetaxel was administered either 75 or 37.5 mg/m2 on D1, D8 q every 3 weeks for 4-6 cycles plus nintedanib 200 mg orally twice daily until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. RESULTS: Sixty-two patients were enrolled for study. Twenty-eight patients with activating EGFR mutations progressed after EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) therapy and 25 out of 28 patients showing progression after platinum doublet chemotherapy were enrolled. The objective response rate was 29% and median PFS and OS were 3.9 months and 11.7 months. Based on the EGFR mutation status, the objective response rate was 39.3 vs. 21.9% (EGFR mut(+) vs. EGFR mut(-), p = 0.142) and median PFS was 6.5 vs. 3.3 months (EGFR mut(+) vs. EGFR mut(-), p = 0.009). No treatment-related deaths were reported. The most frequent drug-related adverse events (AE) were neutropenia (53.2%) and diarrhea (37.1%). Treatment in 12 patients (19.3%) was permanently discontinued due to AEs without disease progression. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicated that nintedanib-docetaxel combination could be considered to be effective treatment in EGFR TKI-resistant EGFR mutant NSCLC.
AIM: The study aimed to culture organoids from tissues of patients with breast cancer (BC) and use the organoids to measure the sensitivity to quercetin and its combination with chemotherapeutic agents. METHODS: Four patient-derived organoids (PDOs) of BC were cultured. The proliferative activity and morphology of PDOs were evaluated on different generations and after resuscitation. H&E and immunohistochemical (IHC) staining were used to identify the pathological changes and the expression of biomarkers. The sensitivity to quercetin and chemotherapeutic agents and their combinations were evaluated using adenosine triphosphate (ATP) viability assays. RESULTS: We successfully obtained all PDOs from BC tissues. PDOs preserved their activity and morphology during generation passage. In addition, the pathological changes and expression patterns of estrogen receptor (ER), human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2), and Ki67 of each PDO were consistent with their original tissues. All four PDOs were highly sensitive to quercetin, and their IC50 values were less than 22 muM. PDOs showed better sensitivity to docetaxel and epirubicin hydrochloride, but less sensitivity to cis-platinum. Combination with quercetin promoted the sensitivity to three chemotherapeutic agents. In particular, the IC50 value of cis-platinum greatly decreased. CONCLUSION: We successfully established PDOs from patients with BC and demonstrated that quercetin can promote the sensitivity of chemotherapeutic agents in these PDOs.
INTRODUCTION: Patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have never smoked or have tumors with mutations in EGFR generally derive minimal benefit from single-agent PD-1/PD-L1 checkpoint inhibitors. Prior data indicate that adding PD-L1 inhibition to anti-VEGF and cytotoxic chemotherapy may be a promising approach to overcoming immunotherapy resistance in these patients, however prospective validation is needed. This trial in progress (NCT03786692) is evaluating patients with stage IV NSCLC who have never smoked or who have tumors with sensitizing EGFR alterations to determine if a 4-drug combination of atezolizumab, carboplatin, pemetrexed, and bevacizumab can improve outcomes compared to carboplatin, pemetrexed and bevacizumab without atezolizumab. METHODS: This is a randomized, phase II, multicenter study evaluating carboplatin, pemetrexed, bevacizumab with and without atezolizumab in 117 patients with stage IV nonsquamous NSCLC. Randomization is 2 to 1 favoring the atezolizumab containing arm. Eligible patients include: 1) those with tumors with sensitizing EGFR alterations in exons 19 or 21 or 2) patients who have never smoked and have wild-type tumors (ie, no EGFR, ALK or ROS1 alterations). Patients are defined as having never smoked if they have smoked less than 100 cigarettes in a lifetime. Patients with EGFR-mutated tumors must have disease progression or intolerance to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy. The primary endpoint is progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints include overall survival (OS), response rate, duration of response, and time to response. CONCLUSION: This phase II trial is accruing patients at U.S. sites through the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN). The trial opened in August 2019 and accrual is expected to be completed in the Fall of 2024.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer accounts for  approximately 20% of invasive breast cancers and is associated with poor prognostics. The recent outcome of HER2+ breast cancer treatment has been vastly improved owing to the application of antibody-targeted therapies. Trastuzumab (Herceptin) is a monoclonal antibody designed to target HER2+ breast cancer cells. In addition to improved survival in the adjuvant treatment of HER2+ breast cancer, trastuzumab treatment has also been associated with cardiotoxicity side effect. However, the molecular mechanisms of trastuzumab action and trastuzumab-mediated cardiotoxicity are still not fully understood. Previous research utilized bulk transcriptomics analysis to study the underlining mechanisms, which relied on averaging molecular signals from bulk tumor samples and might have overlooked key expression features within breast cancer tumor. In contrast to previous research, we compared the single cancer cell level transcriptome profile between trastuzumab-treated and nontreated patients to reveal a more in-depth transcriptome profile. A total of 461 significantly differential expressed genes were identified, including previously defined and novel gene expression signatures. In addition, we found that trastuzumab-enhanced MGP gene expression could be used as prognostics marker for longer patient survival in breast invasive carcinoma patients, and validated our finding using TCGA (The Cancer Genome Atlas) breast cancer dataset. Moreover, our study revealed a 48-gene expression signature that is associated with cell death of cardiomyocytes, which could be used as early biomarkers for trastuzumab-mediated cardiotoxicity. This work is the first study to look at single cell level transcriptome profile of trastuzumab-treated patients, providing a new understanding of the molecular mechanism(s) of trastuzumab action and trastuzumab-induced cardiotoxicity side effects.
BACKGROUND: Cofactors, biomarkers, and the mutational status of genes such as TP53, EGFR, IDH1/2, or PIK3CA have been used for patient stratification. However, many genes exhibit recurrent mutational positions known as hotspots, specifically linked to varying degrees of survival outcomes. Nevertheless, few hotspots have been analyzed (e.g., TP53 and EGFR). Thus, many other genes and hotspots remain unexplored. METHODS: We systematically screened over 1400 hotspots across 33 TCGA cancer types. We compared the patients carrying a hotspot against (i) all cases, (ii) gene-mutated cases, (iii) other mutated hotspots, or (iv) specific hotspots. Due to the limited number of samples in hotspots and the inherent group imbalance, besides Cox models and the log-rank test, we employed VALORATE to estimate their association with survival precisely. RESULTS: We screened 1469 hotspots in 6451 comparisons, where 314 were associated with survival. Many are discussed and linked to the current literature. Our findings demonstrate associations between known hotspots and survival while also revealing more potential hotspots. To enhance accessibility and promote further investigation, all the Kaplan-Meier curves, the log-rank tests, Cox statistics, and VALORATE-estimated null distributions are accessible on our website. CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis revealed both known and putatively novel hotspots associated with survival, which can be used as biomarkers. Our web resource is a valuable tool for cancer research.
Trastuzumab acts in part through the adaptive immune system. Previous studies showed that enrichment of immune-related gene expression was associated with improved outcomes in HER2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer. However, the role of the immune system in response to lapatinib is not fully understood. Gene expression analysis was performed in 1,268 samples from the North Central Cancer Treatment Group (NCCTG) N9831 and 244 samples from the NeoALTTO trial. In N9831, enrichment of CD45 and immune-subset signatures were significantly associated with improved outcomes. We identified a novel 17-gene adaptive immune signature (AIS), which was found to be significantly associated with improved RFS among patients who received adjuvant trastuzumab (HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.49-0.90, Cox regression model p = 0.01) but not in patients who received chemotherapy alone (HR 0.96, 95% CI 0.67-1.40, Cox regression model p = 0.97). This result was validated in NeoALTTO. Overall, AIS-low patients had a significantly lower pathologic complete response (pCR) rate compared with AIS-high patients (chi(2) p < 0.0001). Among patients who received trastuzumab alone, pCR was observed in 41.7% of AIS-high patients compared with 9.8% in AIS-low patients (OR of 6.61, 95% CI 2.09-25.59, logistic regression model p = 0.003). More importantly, AIS-low patients had a higher pCR rate with an addition of lapatinib (51.1% vs. 9.8%, OR 9.65, 95% CI 3.24-36.09, logistic regression model p < 0.001). AIS-low patients had poor outcomes, despite receiving adjuvant trastuzumab. However, these patients appear to benefit from an addition of lapatinib. Further studies are needed to validate the significance of this signature to identify patients who are more likely to benefit from dual anti-HER2 therapy. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifiers: NCT00005970 (NCCTG N9831) and NCT00553358 (NeoALTTO).
BACKGROUND: Somatic EGFR mutations define a subset of non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) that have clinical impact on NSCLC risk and outcome. However, EGFR-mutation-status is often missing in epidemiologic datasets. We developed and tested pragmatic approaches to account for EGFR-mutation-status based on variables commonly included in epidemiologic datasets and evaluated the clinical utility of these approaches. METHODS: Through analysis of the International Lung Cancer Consortium (ILCCO) epidemiologic datasets, we developed a regression model for EGFR-status; we then applied a clinical-restriction approach using the optimal cut-point, and a second epidemiologic, multiple imputation approach to ILCCO survival analyses that did and did not account for EGFR-status. RESULTS: Of 35,356 ILCCO patients with NSCLC, EGFR-mutation-status was available in 4,231 patients. A model regressing known EGFR-mutation-status on clinical and demographic variables achieved a concordance index of 0.75 (95% CI, 0.74-0.77) in the training and 0.77 (95% CI, 0.74-0.79) in the testing dataset. At an optimal cut-point of probability-score = 0.335, sensitivity = 69% and specificity = 72.5% for determining EGFR-wildtype status. In both restriction-based and imputation-based regression analyses of the individual roles of BMI on overall survival of patients with NSCLC, similar results were observed between overall and EGFR-mutation-negative cohort analyses of patients of all ancestries. However, our approach identified some differences: EGFR-mutated Asian patients did not incur a survival benefit from being obese, as observed in EGFR-wildtype Asian patients. CONCLUSIONS: We introduce a pragmatic method to evaluate the potential impact of EGFR-status on epidemiological analyses of NSCLC. IMPACT: The proposed method is generalizable in the common occurrence in which EGFR-status data are missing.
INTRODUCTION: The benefit of adjuvant trastuzumab with chemotherapy is well established for women with higher risk human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive (HER2(+)) breast cancer. However, its role in older patients with smaller, node-negative tumors is less clear. We conducted a retrospective, sequential cohort study of this population to describe the impact of trastuzumab on breast cancer outcomes and cardiac safety. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Women >/= 55 years with </= 2 cm, node-negative, HER2(+) breast cancer were identified and electronic medical records reviewed. A no-trastuzumab cohort of 116 women diagnosed between January 1, 1999 and May 14, 2004 and a trastuzumab cohort of 128 women diagnosed between May 16, 2006 and December 31, 2010 were identified. Overall survival and distant relapse-free survival were estimated by Kaplan-Meier methods. RESULTS: The median ages of the trastuzumab and no-trastuzumab cohorts were 62 and 64 years, respectively. More patients in the trastuzumab cohort had grade III (P = .001), lymphovascular invasion (P = .001), or estrogen receptor-negative (P < .001) cancers. The majority of the trastuzumab cohort received chemotherapy versus one-half of the no-trastuzumab cohort (98% vs. 53%; P < .0001). The median follow-up was 4 versus 9 years in the trastuzumab versus no-trastuzumab cohorts; therefore, outcomes at 4 years are reported. Despite the higher-risk tumor features in the trastuzumab group, the 4-year overall survival was 99% in both cohorts; the distant relapse-free survival was 99% versus 97% in the trastuzumab versus no-trastuzumab cohorts. Four (3.1%; 95% confidence interval, 1.0%-7.8%) women in the trastuzumab cohort and 1 in the no-trastuzumab cohort developed symptomatic heart failure. There were no cardiac-related deaths in either arm. CONCLUSION: Following adjuvant trastuzumab with chemotherapy, selected older women with small, node-negative, HER2(+) breast cancers have excellent disease control. The rate of cardiac events is low.
BACKGROUND: The use of immune checkpoint inhibitors has altered therapeutic paradigms in NSCLC. However, they may cause immune-related toxicities, including acute kidney injury (irAKI), especially when combined with nephrotoxic agents. We investigated the incidence, management and outcomes of AKI in Australian NSCLC patients. METHODS: Medical records from a cancer centre registry were reviewed. AKI was defined and graded on absolute creatinine rise, or rise above baseline. Fishers exact test compared proportions. The Kaplan-Meier method estimated survival, and multiple logistic regression tested for risk factors. RESULTS: Of 449 patients who underwent immunotherapy from 2013 to 2021, the median age was 65 years and 61% were male. Metastatic disease was present in 68% at diagnosis, the remainder had stage Ia-III disease; 70% had adenocarcinoma; and 17% had EGFR mutations. AKI was identified in 65 patients (14.5%) of which 19 were irAKI (4.2%). Within irAKI patients, eleven (58%) had other immune-related adverse events. Median time to irAKI onset was 4 months (IQR 4-6). Seventeen (89%) patients had AKI stage 1 or 2; two had stage 3. Eleven patients developed chronic kidney disease; none required renal replacement therapy. Kidney biopsies demonstrated acute interstitial nephritis (n = 3), acute tubular necrosis (n = 1) and anti-phospholipase A2 receptor negative membranous glomerulonephritis (n = 1). Five patients were rechallenged with immunotherapy; two had recurrent irAKI. The median overall survival for those with irAKI was not reached versus 12 months with no irAKI (HR 0.35, 95 %CI 0.20-0.60, p = 0.01). Risk factors for irAKI included having an additional, non-renal irAE (OR 6.21, 95 %CI 2.35-17.26, p </= 0.01); immunotherapy combined with other cancer therapies (OR 5.62, 95 %CI 2.08-16.20, p </= 0.01); and ECOG performance status > 1 (OR 4.39 (95 %CI 1.11-14.90, p = 0.02) CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of irAKI was similar to the published literature. Renal recovery was poor, however survival was not compromised. Improved diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for irAKI would benefit this population.
To evaluate the efficacy and safety of early brain radiotherapy combined with EGFR-TKI versus EGFR-TKI alone in EGFR-mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with brain metastases (BMS). A systematic literature search was conducted in several databases. The primary outcome measures were overall survival (OS) and intracranial progression-free survival (iPFS), while secondary outcome measures included adverse events (AEs). Meta-analysis was performed using STATA 15.1 software. A total of 18 retrospective trials involving 2,119 patients were included. Meta-analysis showed that early brain radiotherapy combined with EGFR-TKI was superior to monotherapy in improving OS (HR = 0.87, 95% CI, 0.76-0.99) and iPFS (HR = 0.77, 95% CI, 0.61-0.97). Subgroup analysis indicated that among patients treated with Osimertinib, monotherapy showed a trend towards improved OS (HR = 1.44, 95% CI, 0.94-2.22) and iPFS (HR = 1.10, 95% CI, 0.76-1.60), though without statistical significance. In contrast, first- and second-generation EGFR-TKI combined with early brain radiotherapy significantly prolonged OS (HR = 0.83, 95% CI, 0.72-0.95) and iPFS (HR = 0.72, 95% CI, 0.55-0.93). Regarding AEs, the incidence of neurological adverse reactions was significantly higher in the combined treatment group (RR = 15.82, 95% CI, 2.31-108.54). Early brain radiotherapy combined with EGFR-TKI can significantly improve OS and iPFS in EGFR-mutated NSCLC patients with BMS but may increase the risk of neurological adverse reactions. Further research is needed to verify the efficacy differences between monotherapy and combination therapy for patients using Osimertinib.
The human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 gene (HER2) is overexpressed and/or amplified in ~15% of breast cancer patients and was identified a quarter century ago as a marker of poor prognosis. By 1998, antibody therapy targeting the HER2 pathway was shown to demonstrably improve progression-free and overall survival in metastatic disease, and in 2005 evidence of improvement in disease-free and overall survival from the first generation of trastuzumab adjuvant trials became available. However, not all patients with HER2 overexpression benefit from trastuzumab. Second-generation studies in metastatic disease led to the approval of several new HER2-targeted therapies using small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as lapatinib, new HER2/HER3 antibodies such as pertuzumab, and the new antibody chemotherapy conjugate ado-trastuzumab emtansine. These successes supported the launch of second-generation adjuvant trials testing single and dual HER2-targeted agents, administered concomitantly or sequentially with chemotherapy that will soon complete accrual. HER2-positive breast cancer in the setting of HER2-targeted therapy is no longer associated with poor prognosis, and recent guidance by the US Food and Drug Administration suggests that pathologic response to HER2-targeted therapy given preoperatively may allow an earlier assessment of their clinical benefit in the adjuvant setting. An adjuvant trial of trastuzumab in patient whose tumors express normal levels of HER2 and trials of single/dual HER2-targeting without chemotherapy are also ongoing. In this article, we review the current data on the therapeutic management of HER2-positive breast cancer.
Although EGFR-TKI treatment of NSCLC (non-small-cell lung cancer) patients often achieves profound initial responses, the efficacy is transient due to acquired resistance. Multiple receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) pathways contribute to the resistance of NSCLC to first- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs, such as erlotinib and osimertinib. To identify potential targets for overcoming EGFR-TKI resistance, we performed a gene expression signature-based strategy using connectivity map (CMap) analysis. We generated erlotinib-resistant HCC827-ErlR cells, which showed resistance to erlotinib, gefitinib, osimertinib, and doxorubicin. A list of differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in HCC827-ErlR cells was generated and queried using CMap analysis. Analysis of the top 4 compounds from the CMap list suggested HSF1 as a potential target to overcome EGFR-TKI resistance. HSF1 inhibition by using HSF1 shRNAs or KRIBB11 decreased the expression of HSF1 downstream proteins, such as HSP70 and HSP27, and also decreased the expression of HSP90/HSP70/BAG3 client proteins, such as BCL2, MCL1, EGFR, MET, and AXL, causing apoptosis of EGFR-TKI-resistant cancer cells. Finally, we demonstrated the efficacy of the HSF1 inhibitor on PC9-ErlR cells expressing mutant EGFR (T790M) in vivo. Collectively, these findings support a targetable HSF1-(HSP90/HSP70/BAG3)-(BCL2/MCL1/EGFR/MET/AXL) pathway to overcome multiple mechanisms of EGFR-TKI resistance.
BACKGROUND: Patients with epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive (HER2+) breast cancer and pathologic complete response (pCR) after neoadjuvant systemic therapy (NST) may be candidates for nonoperative clinical trials if residual invasive and in situ disease are eradicated. METHODS: This study analyzed 280 patients with clinical T1-2N0-1 HER2+ breast cancer who underwent NST followed by surgical resection to determine key characteristics of patients with pCR in the breast and lymph nodes compared with those with residual disease. RESULTS: Of the 280 patients, 102 (36.4%) had pCR in the breast and lymph nodes after NST, and 50 patients (17.9%) had residual ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) in the breast only. For 129 patients (46.1%), DCIS was present on the pretreatment biopsy, and NST failed to eradicate the DCIS component in 64.3%. Patients with residual disease were more likely to have hormone receptor-positive (HR+) tumors than those with negative tumors (73.4% vs. 50.8%; p < 0.0001). Radiologic response (odds ratio [OR], 5.62; p = 0.002) and HR+ status (OR, 2.56; p < 0.0001) were predictive of residual disease. Combined imaging methods after NST had a sensitivity of 97.1% and a negative predictive value of 70.6% for detection of residual disease. Patients with invasive disease and DCIS shown on the pretreatment core biopsy were less likely than those without DCIS to achieve pCR in the breast (31% vs. 43%; p  = 0.038). CONCLUSION: The study results delineate and identify unique characteristics associated with HER2+ breast cancers that are important in selecting patients for inclusion in clinical trials assessing nonoperative management after NST, and the low negative predictive value of imaging mandates image-guided biopsy for selection.
Aberrant expression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) plays vital roles in tumor development and progression. In the present study, ultraviolet irradiation induced the upregulation of EGFR in skinderived keratinocytes, which may contribute to the development of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC). This was supported by the high expression of EGFR in CSCC clinical samples. Treating A431 CSCC cells with gefitinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, activated the intrinsic mitochondrial apoptotic pathway while inducing protective autophagy. Combined application of chloroquine with gefitinib enhanced the treatment efficacy of gefitinib against CSCC by inhibiting autophagic flux. These findings demonstrated that autophagy inhibition may be an effective strategy for enhancing the sensitivity of EGFRexpressing cells to tyrosine kinase inhibitor treatment. Manipulating prosurvival autophagy by the combined application of chloroquine with gefitinib is a promising approach for improving the efficacy of EGFR inhibitors in cancer treatment. This may contribute to novel EGFRtargeted therapeutic strategies in the near future.
Prolonged treatment of breast cancer with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) often results in acquired resistance and a narrow therapeutic index. One strategy to improve the therapeutic effects of EGFR TKIs is to combine them with drugs used for other clinical indications. Ethacrynic acid (EA) is an FDA approved drug that may have antitumor effects and may enhance the cytotoxicity of chemotherapeutic agents by binding to glutathione and inhibiting WNT signaling. While the alpha,beta-unsaturated-keto structure of EA is similar to that of irreversible TKIs, the mechanism of action of EA when combined with irreversible EGFR TKIs in breast cancer remains unknown. We therefore investigated the combination of irreversible EGFR TKIs and EA. We found that irreversible EGFR TKIs and EA synergistically inhibit breast cancer both in vitro and in vivo. The combination of EGFR TKIs and EA induces necrosis and cell cycle arrest and represses WNT/beta-catenin signaling as well as MAPK-ERK1/2 signaling. We conclude that EA synergistically enhances the antitumor effects of irreversible EGFR TKIs in breast cancer.
Despite the dramatic efficacy of EGFR-TKIs, most of non-small cell lung cancer patients ultimately develop resistance to these agents. In this study, we explored the effects of miRNA-125a-5p and miRNA-145, alone or in combination, EGFR expression, cell growth and sensitivity of the NSCLC cells to erlotinib. The expression of EGFR was measured using RT-qPCR and Western blotting. The effect of miRNAs and erlotinib on cell growth and survival was assessed by trypan blue assay and MTT assay, respectively. Apoptosis was measured using ELISA cell death assay. We found that transfection of miRNA-125a-5p and miRNA-145 significantly inhibited the expression of EGFR mRNA and protein in a time-dependent manner (p < 0.05 vs. blank control or negative control miRNA). ANOVA and Bonferroni's test were used to ascertain significant differences between groups. Other experiments indicated that upregulation of each of miRNA-125a-5p or miRNA-145 inhibited cell growth, induced apoptosis, and markedly decreased the IC(50) value of erlotinib in A549 lung cancer cells (p < 0.05). Moreover, the combination of two miRNAs showed a stronger effect on cells survival, apoptosis, and drug sensitivity, relative to single miRNA (p < 0.05). The results of our study indicate that the therapeutic delivery of miRNA-145 and miRNA-125a-5p to lung cancer may inhibit cell proliferation, trigger apoptosis, and sensitize lung cancer cells to EGFR-TKIs.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common types of cancer worldwide. The KRAS mutation is present in 30-50% of CRC patients. This mutation confers resistance to treatment with anti-EGFR therapy. This article aims at proving that computer tomography (CT)-based radiomics can predict the KRAS mutation in CRC patients. The piece is a retrospective study with 56 CRC patients from the Hospital of Santiago de Compostela, Spain. All patients had a confirmatory pathological analysis of the KRAS status. Radiomics features were obtained using an abdominal contrast enhancement CT (CECT) before applying any treatments. We used several classifiers, including AdaBoost, neural network, decision tree, support vector machine, and random forest, to predict the presence or absence of KRAS mutation. The most reliable prediction was achieved using the AdaBoost ensemble on clinical patient data, with a kappa and accuracy of 53.7% and 76.8%, respectively. The sensitivity and specificity were 73.3% and 80.8%. Using texture descriptors, the best accuracy and kappa were 73.2% and 46%, respectively, with sensitivity and specificity of 76.7% and 69.2%, also showing a correlation between texture patterns on CT images and KRAS mutation. Radiomics could help manage CRC patients, and in the future, it could have a crucial role in diagnosing CRC patients ahead of invasive methods.
AIM: To assess the predictive value of preoperative residual mammographic microcalcifications for residual tumours after neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) for breast cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This single-centre retrospective study included breast cancer patients who underwent NAC and demonstrated suspicious microcalcifications within or near the tumour bed on mammography from June 2015 to August 2018. The residual microcalcifications and remnant lesion on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were correlated with histopathological findings of residual tumours and immunohistochemical markers. RESULTS: A total of 96 patients were included. Ten patients achieved pathological complete response (pCR) and previous suspicious microcalcifications were associated with benign pathology in 10.4% (10/96) of the patients. In the remaining 86 patients who did not achieve pCR, 61.5% (59/96) of the residual microcalcifications were associated with invasive or in situ carcinoma and 28.1% (27/96) with benign pathology. Hormone receptor-positive (HR(+)) patients had the highest proportion of residual malignant microcalcifications compared to HR(-) patients (48.9% versus 13.5%, respectively; p=0.019). MRI correlated better than residual microcalcifications on mammography in predicting residual tumour extent in all subtypes (ICC=0.709 versus 0.365). MRI also showed higher correlation with residual tumour size for the HR(-)/HER2(+) and HR(-)/HER2(-) subtype (ICC=0.925 and 0.876, respectively). CONCLUSION: The extent of microcalcifications on mammography after NAC did not correlate with the extent of residual cancer in 38.5% of women. Regardless of the extent of microcalcifications, residual tumour extent on MRI after NAC and molecular subtype could be an accurate tool in evaluating residual cancer after NAC.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) plays an essential role in normal development, tumorigenesis and malignant biology of human cancers, and is known to undergo intracellular trafficking to subcellular organelles. Although several studies have shown that EGFR translocates into the mitochondria in cancer cells, it remains unclear whether mitochondrially localized EGFR has an impact on the cells and whether EGFRvIII, a constitutively activated variant of EGFR, undergoes mitochondrial transport similar to EGFR. RESULTS: We report that both receptors translocate into the mitochondria of human glioblastoma and breast cancer cells, following treatments with the apoptosis inducers, staurosporine and anisomycin, and with an EGFR kinase inhibitor. Using mutant EGFR/EGFRvIII receptors engineered to undergo enriched intracellular trafficking into the mitochondria, we showed that glioblastoma cells expressing the mitochondrially enriched EGFRvIII were more resistant to staurosporine- and anisomycin-induced growth suppression and apoptosis and were highly resistant to EGFR kinase inhibitor-mediated growth inhibition. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that apoptosis inducers and EGFR-targeted inhibitors enhance mitochondrial translocalization of both EGFR and EGFRvIII and that mitochondrial accumulation of these receptors contributes to tumor drug resistance. The findings also provide evidence for a potential link between the mitochondrial EGFR pathway and apoptosis.
BACKGROUND: The use tumor-derived cell-free DNA extracted from body fluids is being evaluated for genetic testing in lung cancer. The aim of this study was to explore the feasibility and utility of implementation of EGFR molecular testing from pleural effusions in non-small cell lung cancer in the clinical diagnostics workflow. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This study included patients diagnosed with primary lung adenocarcinoma in the period July 2016 to June 2023. EGFR mutation testing was performed by qPCR (Cobas(R)) and dPCR. Testing was performed from 211 plasma samples when tissue was unavailable at diagnosis, and from 301 plasma samples and 18 pleural effusions at progression on first/second generation of EGFR TKIs. Descriptive methods of statistical analysis were used to summarize the sample data. Fisher's exact test, McNemar's test, Cohen's kappa tests were used for statistical analyses. Two-sided p-values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: A significantly higher detection rate of the T790M mutation in pleural effusion was obtained compared to blood (50% and 20%, p=0.047). When comparing the detection success rate of the resistant T790M mutation in pleural effusion and blood, a statistically significant difference was obtained in favor of pleural effusion (50% vs. 21.87%, p=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Superior performance of pleural effusions compared to blood plasma was shown both in the analysis of success rate and in the detection of the resistant T790M mutation, at progression on EGFR TKIs. Pleural effusion should be considered in this setting whenever available, especially in countries with limited health resources.
BACKGROUND: Little data on the preoperative prognostic factors in radical cystectomy (RC) patients have made it difficult to choose the appropriate type of urothelial diversion (UD). This study aimed to investigate the prognostic role of UD, with a subgroup analysis of that of preoperative renal function. METHODS: From 1990 to 2015, 279 patients underwent RC for bladder cancer at six hospitals affiliated with Kitasato University in Japan. All patients were divided into three groups: cutaneous ureterostomy (CU; n = 54), ileal conduit (IC; n = 139), and orthotopic neobladder (NB; n = 86). Patients were also stratified into three groups based on preoperative estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (mL/min/1.73 m(2)): normal eGFR (> 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2); n = 149), moderately reduced eGFR (45-60 mL/min/1.73 m(2); n = 66), and severely reduced eGFR (< 45 mL/min/1.73 m(2); n = 37). Statistical analyses were performed to investigate prognostic values of UD and preoperative eGFR. RESULTS: Kaplan-Meier analyses showed that progression-free survival (PFS) and cancer-specific survival (CSS) did not differ between the three types of UD groups. With regard to renal function, the preoperative severely reduced group had significantly worse PFS and CSS than the other groups. The multivariate analysis showed that severely reduced preoperative eGFR was an independent risk factor of worse PFS and worse CSS. CONCLUSION: The present study demonstrated that preoperative severe renal function was shown as an independent risk factor of both PFS and CSS.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is one of the important and valuable drug targets. Overexpression of EGFR is associated with the development of many types of cancer. In this study, three PROTACs small molecules (16a-16c) were designed, synthesized and evaluated for their cytotoxicity against the growth in different NSCLC cell line and the degradation effect. The bioassay results indicated that 16c has a good inhibition in PC9 cells and H1975 cells, and the corresponding IC(50) value was 0.413 muM and 0.657 muM, respectively. Western blotting results demonstrated that compound 16c could serve as an effective EGFR(del19)-targeting degrader in PC9 cells.
BACKGROUND: This study aimed to explore the efficacy of different epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in lung adenocarcinoma (AC) patients harboring uncommon EGFR mutations. METHODS: Between January 1st, 2013 and October 1st, 2019, 2,680 EGFR mutation-positive patients with confirmed stage IIIB/IV lung AC were enrolled from Zhejiang Cancer Hospital. Uncommon EGFR mutations were detected in 132 patients using next-generation-sequencing. Clinicopathological features between patients with uncommon EGFR mutations and common EGFR mutations were evaluated by the chi-square test. The clinical outcomes of patients with uncommon EGFR mutations were analyzed by the Kaplan-Meier method. RESULTS: Of 132 AC patients with uncommon EGFR mutations, 115 received EGFR-TKIs. Second-generation EGFR-TKIs were associated with longer progression-free survival (PFS) (P=0.116) and overall survival (OS) (P=0.005) than first or third-generation EGFR-TKIs. We also found that patients with compound mutations and double uncommon EGFR mutations had longer PFS (P=0.725) and OS (P=0.741) than those with single uncommon EGFR mutation, although the difference was not significant. In addition, third-generation EGFR-TKIs were more effective than the other two agents in patients with primary T790M mutation regarding PFS (P=0.150) and OS (P=0.033), although the difference in PFS was not significant. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with uncommon EGFR mutations treated with second-generation EGFR-TKIs showed better PFS and OS. EGFR-TKIs were more effective in patients with compound mutations or double uncommon mutations.
HER2 analysis in circulating tumor cells (CTCs) may have clinical significance for HER2-targeted therapy as HER2-positive CTCs and disseminated tumor cells can be detected in patients with HER2-negative primary tumors who currently do not have access to HER2-targeted therapy. In this study, we performed quantitative analysis by confocal microscopy assay for evaluation of HER2 expression in individual tumor cells. HER2 testing by confocal microscopy assay exhibited high concordance with results of real-time PCR, Western blot analysis and FISH analysis. We found that there was a significant positive correlation between HER2 overexpression and gene amplification in individual CTCs, which provided validation of confocal microscopy assay for HER2 expression in CTCs. By using subsets of 10 consecutive cells (bins), we conclude that HER2 expression (3+) in CTCs predicts HER2 overexpression of tumor with high probability in breast cancer patients. These results may provide interpretive guidelines for HER2 status assay in CTCs and raise great opportunities for using CTCs as non-invasive and 'real-time' biopsy to examine and monitor the status of tumor markers.
Background: The promising aspect of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) is its rapid turnaround and non-invasive nature. According to the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) and College of American Pathologists joint ctDNA review published in March 2018, there is not sufficient evidence to support the use of ctDNA in practice for GI cancers. However, there were numerous studies presented at ASCO Annual Meeting supporting its value. We aimed to summarize on its role in the management of gastrointestinal cancers based on the studies presented recently, and future directions. Methods: We limited our search to keywords "ctDNA," "circulating tumor DNA," "cell-free DNA (cfDNA)" and/or "liquid biopsy," at the 2018 ASCO Annual Meeting library abstracts and presentations. Results: There were 35 studies that revolved around ctDNA as a diagnostic tool, prognostic marker and/or a measure of tumor heterogeneity in gastrointestinal cancers. Depending on the assay used, the results of several studies showed that ctDNA was able to identify relevant mutations or fusions including RAS, HER2/Neu, BRAF, MET, BRCA2, APC, TP53, ALK, ROS1, PTEN, and NF1. The prognosis in terms of tumor mutation burden, objective response rate, metastasis and survival were also estimated by various studies based on ctDNA. The findings showed that higher baseline ctDNA levels and/or increased number of mutations detected in ctDNA were associated with poor survival and multi-site metastasis. Right-sided colon cancer was associated with higher number of mutations in ctDNA than left-sided colon and rectal cancers. Similarly, tubular adenocarcinoma subtype of gastric cancer was more likely to have higher ctDNA levels than signet-ring cell subtype. The feasibility of assessing response to therapy and residual metastatic disease by using ctDNA which was otherwise not detected on imaging was also presented. Conclusions: The studies presented at ASCO 2018 report on the many ways ctDNA is of value in patients with gastrointestinal malignancies. Experts and discussants at the meeting argued that this may well indeed be ready for prime time for certain GI malignancies including colorectal cancers, especially in the metastatic setting. These findings alongside ongoing studies showing its feasibility into practice would likely lead to revision of the current guidelines for metastatic GI cancers.
Immunologic targeting of the oncoprotein HER2/neu with monoclonal antibodies is an important component of current therapeutic strategies for patients with locally and systemically advanced breast cancer. Engineered antibodies targeting HER2 may have agonist or antagonist effects on HER2, but little is known about whether endogenous antibodies modulate HER2 activity. Vaccination of patients with HER2 peptides successfully induced antibodies in a minority of patients with HER2-expressing malignancy. A subset of antibodies specifically suppressed phosphorylation of HER2 on tyrosine Y1248, a residue critical for HER2 signaling through extracellular signal-regulated kinase. These antibodies also suppressed extracellular signal-regulated kinase phosphorylation and inhibited colony formation in soft agar. The majority of the antibodies that suppressed HER2 phosphorylation displayed specificity for amino acids 328 to 345 and 369 to 384. The isotype of anti-HER2 antibodies was predominantly IgG3 of low avidity, suggesting a Th1 response to peptide vaccine. Endogenous anti-HER2 antibodies can effectively suppress HER2 kinase activity and downstream signaling to inhibit the transformed phenotype of HER2-expressing tumor cells.
Overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) drives the biology of 30% of breast cancer cases. As a transducer of HER2 signaling, RAS/RAF/MAPK pathway plays a pivotal role in the development of breast cancer. In this study, we examined the molecular mechanisms underlying the chemopreventive effects of black rice anthocyanins (BRACs) extract and identified their molecular targets in HER2(+) breast cancer cells. Treatment of MDA-MB-453 cells (HER2(+)) with BRACs inhibited cell migration and invasion, suppressed the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase (RAF), mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK), and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), and downregulated the secretion of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2) and MMP9. BRACs also weakened the interactions of HER2 with RAF, MEK, and JNK proteins, respectively, and decreased the mRNA expression of raf, mek, and jnk. Further, we found combined treatment with BRACs and RAF, MEK, or JNK inhibitors could enhance the antimetastatic activity, compared with that of each treatment. Transient transfection with small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) specific for raf, mek, and jnk inhibited their mRNA expression in MDA-MB-453 cells. Moreover, cotreatment with BRACs and siRNA induces a more remarkable inhibitory effect than that by either substance alone. In summary, our study suggested that BRACs suppress metastasis in breast cancer cells by targeting the RAS/RAF/MAPK pathway.
CONTEXT: Despite advances in breast cancer management, women continue to relapse and die of breast cancer. Traditionally, evaluation for hormone receptors (estrogen and progesterone), as well as HER2 overexpression, have guided therapy-related decision-making because they are both prognostic and predictive indicators. However, there are limitations with those studies, which can lead to improper treatment. Gene signatures have recently been shown to be of value in identifying molecular portraits of breast carcinoma and are beginning to play role in management and treatment algorithms. OBJECTIVE: To provide a summary of the prognostic and predictive indicators of breast cancer, such as hormone receptors, HER2, and molecular gene signatures that currently help guide clinical decision making. DATA SOURCES: Published articles from peer-reviewed journals in PubMed (US National Library of Medicine). CONCLUSIONS: Emerging evidence shows promise that, in addition to hormone receptors and HER2 studies, evaluating tumors with gene expression profiling can provide additional prognostic and predictive information, further aiding clinical management and leading to a more personalized approach to treating breast cancer.
The level of stromal tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (sTILs) in triple-negative (TNBC) and HER2-positive breast cancers convey prognostic information. The importance of systemic immunity to local immunity is unknown in breast cancer. We previously demonstrated that histological alterations in axillary lymph nodes (LNs) carry clinical relevance. Here, we capture local immune responses by scoring TILs at the primary tumor and systemic immune responses by recording the formation of secondary follicles, also known as germinal centers, in 2,857 cancer-free and involved axillary LNs on haematoxylin and eosin (H&E) stained sections from a retrospective cohort of 161 LN-positive triple-negative and HER2-positive breast cancer patients. Our data demonstrate that the number of germinal center formations across all cancer-free LNs, similar to high levels of TILs, is associated with a good prognosis in low TILs TNBC. This highlights the importance of assessing both primary and LN immune responses for prognostication and for future breast cancer research.
The mechanisms underlying breast cancer brain metastasis (BCBM) development are complex, and its clinical presentation varies depending on the number, location, and size of brain metastases. Common symptoms include headache, neurologic deficits, and seizures. Diagnosis of BCBM typically relies on neuroimaging techniques, such as magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography scans. Local therapies, such as surgery and stereotactic radiosurgery, can be used to control tumor growth and relieve symptoms. Whole-brain radiotherapy has been a mainstay of treatment for BCBM, but its use has been associated with cognitive decline. Systemic therapy with chemotherapy and targeted agents plays an increasingly important role in the management of BCBM. Novel agents, such as human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-targeted therapies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors, have shown promising results in improving survival for patients with HER2-positive and triple-negative BCBM. This comprehensive review synthesizes current knowledge, clinical insights, and evolving paradigms to provide a robust understanding and roadmap for optimizing the diagnosis and management of BCBM.
Developmentally, tumours can be viewed as aberrant versions of normal tissues. For example, tumours often retain differentiation markers of their tissue of origin. In addition, there is evidence that they contain cancer stem-like cells (CSCs) that drive tumourigenesis. In this review, we summarise current evidence that breast CSCs may partially explain endocrine resistance in breast cancer. In normal breast, the stem cells are known to possess a basal phenotype and to be mainly oestrogen receptor-alpha-negative (ER-). If the hierarchy in breast cancer reflects this, the breast CSC may be endocrine resistant because it expresses very little ER and can only respond to treatment by virtue of paracrine signalling from neighbouring, differentiated ER+ tumour cells. Normal breast epithelial stem cells are regulated by the epidermal growth factor receptor and other growth factor receptor signals. The observed increase in growth factor receptor expression in endocrine-resistant breast cancers may reflect a bigger proportion of CSCs selected by endocrine therapies. There is evidence from a number of studies that breast CSCs are ER- and EGR+/HER2+, which would support this view. It is reported that CSCs express mesenchymal genes, which are suppressed by ER expression, further indicating the mutual exclusion between ER+ cells and the CSCs. As we learn more about CSCs, differentiation and the expression and functional activity of the ER in these cells in diverse breast tumour sub-types, it is hoped that our understanding will lead to new modalities to overcome the problem of endocrine resistance in the clinic.
Erlotinib is an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Efficacy of this drug was documented in the BR.21 trial showing that adenocarcinoma, female gender, Asian ethnicity and never-smoker status are predictive of clinical response to erlotinib. Retrospective studies documented the same benefits for elderly patients as young patients in terms of response, progression-free survival, and overall survival. The primary aim of our trial was to confirm these findings in a prospective way; the secondary aim was to identify if the aforementioned clinical characteristics may be predictive of response even in elderly patients. The trial included 31 patients with pretreated stage IIIB (2) and IV (29) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Median age was 75 years (range: 65-85). Twenty-seven patients were current/former-smokers and four never-smokers. Twenty-three patients are evaluable for response. Objective response rates were reported in five patients (16%). Five patients had stable disease (16%) and 13 progressive disease (43%). Seven patients had a "clinical benefit" from erlotinib (22.5%; 95% C.I.: 7.9-37.2%). Grade 3 skin rash was recorded in three patients (10%). Median survival was 9 months (range 1-30). Median time to progression was 3 months (range: 1-24 months). Our study confirmed erlotinib activity and safety as second- and third-line treatment in elderly patients with advanced NSCLC, especially in terms of median survival. Even though this trial does not allow us to draw a definitive conclusion about the role of a particular clinical characteristic predictive of response, the "clinical benefit" was documented especially in females, in patients with adenocarcinoma histology and skin rash, confirming previous retrospective data.
Fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) assay is considered the 'gold standard' for evaluation of HER2/neu (HER2) gene status, however, it is difficult to recognize morphologic features of tumors using fluorescence microscopy. Thus, chromogenic in situ hybridization (CISH) has been proposed as an alternative method to evaluate HER2 gene amplification. Here, we examined the dual color CISH (dual CISH) method which provides information regarding the copy number of the HER2 gene and chromosome 17 centromere from a single slide. We examined 40 cases of invasive ductal carcinomas of the breast that were resected surgically. HER2 gene status was assessed with FISH (Abbott) and dual CISH (Dako). HER2 gene amplification status was classified according to the guidelines of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and College of American Pathologists (ASCO/CAP). Comparison of the cut-off values for HER2/chromosome 17 centromere copy number ratio obtained by dual CISH and FISH showed that there was almost perfect agreement between two methods (Kappa coefficient 0.96). The results of the two commercial products were almost consistent for evaluation of HER2 gene counts on the sections. The current study proved that dual CISH is comparable with FISH for evaluating HER2 gene status.
Cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) are crucial co-mediators of breast cancer progression. Estrogen is the predominant driving force in the cyclic regulation of the mammary extracellular matrix, thus potentially affecting the tumor-associated stroma. Recently, a third estrogen receptor, estrogen (G-protein-coupled) receptor (GPER), has been reported to be expressed in breast CAFs. In this study, GPER was detected by immunohistochemical analysis in stromal fibroblasts of 41.8% (59/141) of the primary breast cancer samples. GPER expression in CAFs isolated from primary breast cancer tissues was confirmed by immunostaining and RT-PCR analyses. Tamoxifen (TAM) in addition to 17beta-estradiol (E(2)) and the GPER agonist G1 activated GPER, resulting in transient increases in cell index, intracellular calcium, and ERK1/2 phosphorylation. Furthermore, TAM, E(2), and G1 promoted CAF proliferation and cell-cycle progression, both of which were blocked by GPER interference, the selective GPER antagonist G15, the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor AG1478, and the ERK1/2 inhibitor U0126. Importantly, TAM as well as G1 increased E(2) production in breast CAFs via GPER/EGFR/ERK signaling when the substrate of E(2), testosterone, was added to the medium. GPER-induced aromatase upregulation was probably responsible for this phenomenon, as TAM- and G1-induced CYP19A1 gene expression was reduced by GPER knockdown and G15, AG1478, and U0126 administration. Accordingly, GPER-mediated CAF-dependent estrogenic effects on the tumor-associated stroma are conceivable, and CAF is likely to contribute to breast cancer progression, especially TAM resistance, via a positive feedback loop involving GPER/EGFR/ERK signaling and E(2) production.
The ASCO/CAP guidelines for HER2 reporting in breast cancer published in 2007 and were updated in 2013 to assure that the right patient receives the targeted therapy. The updated guidelines have lowered the threshold for HER2 positivity criteria and altered the equivocal category for both IHC and FISH. This first study from India addresses the impact of these updated guidelines in the various reporting categories at a tertiary care centre. We compared the trend of HER2 IHC reporting 1 year before (Period A) and 1 year after (Period B) the implementation of updated 2013 ASCO/CAP guidelines. All HER2 equivocal IHC cases of post 2013 guidelines were reclassified as per 2007 guidelines to detect additional number of cases that have been put into equivocal category. Reflex FISH correlation was also assessed to detect any additional cases eligible for anti HER2 therapy with implementation of these updated guidelines. With implementation of updated 2013 guidelines, there was significant decrease in the number of cases scored as 1+ (from 30.7% to 20.6%; P value: .0001) while significant increase in number of 2+ cases (from 20.2% to 27.3%; P value: .004). Post 2013 guidelines, 39% (64 cases) of tumors were additionally put into the equivocal category which would have been considered as negative (score 1+) as per 2007 guidelines. The reflex FISH testing in these equivocal cases resulted in detection of only 1.5% of additional cases eligible for anti HER2 therapy. With implementation of updated 2013 guidelines, there is no significant increase in HER2 positivity trend. However, there is appreciable increase in IHC equivocal cases which subsequently led to increased reflex FISH testing without significantly contributing to the detection of additional eligible cases for anti HER2 therapy, but resulted in delaying of definite HER2 status along with financial implications.
PURPOSE: Ductal breast carcinoma as a heterogeneous disease has different molecular subtypes associated with clinical prognosis and patients' survival. The role of immune system as a consistent part of the tumor microenvironment (TME) has been documented in progression of ductal breast carcinoma. Here, we aimed to describe the important immune cells and the immune system-associated molecules in Ductal Carcinoma In situ (DCIS) and Invasive Ductal Carcinoma (IDC) with special emphasis on their associations with different molecular subtypes and patients' prognosis. RESULTS: The immune cells have a dual role in breast cancer (BC) microenvironment depending on the molecular subtype or tumor grade. These cells with different frequencies are present in the TME of DCIS and IDC. The presence of regulatory cells including Tregs, MDSC, Th2, Th17, M2 macrophages, HLADR(-) T cells, and Tgammadelta cells is related to more immunosuppressive microenvironment, especially in ER(-) and TN subtypes. In contrast, NK cells, CTL, Th, and Tfh cells are associated to the anti-tumor activity. These cells are higher in ER(+) BC, although in other subtypes such as TN or HER2(+) are associated with a favorable prognosis. CONCLUSION: Determining the specific immune response in each subtype could be helpful in estimating the possible behavior of the tumor cells in TME. It is important to realize that different frequencies of immune cells in BC environment likely determine the patients' prognosis and their survival in each subtype. Therefore, elucidation of the distinct immune players in TME would be helpful toward developing targeted therapies in each subtype.
INTRODUCTION: We report the primary analysis from JAVELIN Lung 100, a phase 3 trial comparing avelumab (anti-programmed death-ligand 1 [PD-L1]) versus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as first-line treatment for PD-L1-positive (+) advanced NSCLC. METHODS: Adults with PD-L1+ (>/=1% of tumor cells; PD-L1 immunohistochemistry 73-10 pharmDx), EGFR and ALK wild-type, previously untreated, stage IV NSCLC were randomized to avelumab 10 mg/kg every 2 weeks (Q2W), avelumab 10 mg/kg once weekly (QW) for 12 weeks and Q2W thereafter, or platinum-based doublet chemotherapy every 3 weeks. Primary end points were overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) per independent review committee. The primary analysis population was patients with high-expression PD-L1+ tumors (>/=80% of tumor cells). RESULTS: A total of 1214 patients were randomized to avelumab Q2W (n = 366), avelumab QW (n = 322), or chemotherapy (n = 526). In the primary analysis population, hazard ratios (HRs) for OS and PFS with avelumab Q2W (n = 151) versus chemotherapy (n = 216) were 0.85 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.67-1.09; one-sided p = 0.1032; median OS, 20.1 versus 14.9 mo) and 0.71 (95% CI: 0.54-0.93; one-sided p = 0.0070; median PFS, 8.4 versus 5.6 mo), respectively. With avelumab QW (n = 130) versus chemotherapy (n = 129), HRs were 0.79 (95% CI: 0.59-1.07; one-sided p = 0.0630; median OS, 19.3 versus 15.3 mo) and 0.72 (95% CI: 0.52-0.98; one-sided p = 0.0196; median PFS, 7.5 versus 5.6 mo), respectively. No new safety signals were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Longer median OS and PFS were observed with avelumab versus platinum-based doublet chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC, but differences in OS and PFS were not statistically significant, and the trial did not meet its primary objective. CLINICALTRIALS: gov Identifier: NCT02576574.
Therapeutic options for treatment of basal-like breast cancers remain limited. Here, we demonstrate that bromodomain and extra-terminal (BET) inhibition induces an adaptive response leading to MCL1 protein-driven evasion of apoptosis in breast cancer cells. Consequently, co-targeting MCL1 and BET is highly synergistic in breast cancer models. The mechanism of adaptive response to BET inhibition involves the upregulation of lipid synthesis enzymes including the rate-limiting stearoyl-coenzyme A (CoA) desaturase. Changes in lipid synthesis pathway are associated with increases in cell motility and membrane fluidity as well as re-localization and activation of HER2/EGFR. In turn, the HER2/EGFR signaling results in the accumulation of and vulnerability to the inhibition of MCL1. Drug response and genomics analyses reveal that MCL1 copy-number alterations are associated with effective BET and MCL1 co-targeting. The high frequency of MCL1 chromosomal amplifications (>30%) in basal-like breast cancers suggests that BET and MCL1 co-targeting may have therapeutic utility in this aggressive subtype of breast cancer.
Near-infrared photoimmunotherapy (NIR-PIT) is a novel therapeutic approach that targets epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). In NIR-PIT, administration of cetuximab sarotalocan sodium is followed by laser irradiation of the affected area, which theoretically should induce tumor cell death. However, residual tumors are occasionally observed. This study investigated factors that influence the therapeutic efficacy of NIR-PIT in cases of recurrence of cancer at the base of the tongue. Six patients undergoing 11 treatment cycles were analyzed, focusing on the puncture interval of cylindrical diffusers and the expression of EGFR in tumors. The results demonstrated that a puncture interval of </=12 mm significantly enhanced therapeutic efficacy, with one case achieving complete response. EGFR expression was positive in all cases and expression score showed no significant change between before and after treatment. These findings suggest that puncture interval plays a critical role in therapeutic outcomes, whereas EGFR expression may not directly influence treatment efficacy.
The presence of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase (TK) mutations significantly correlates with tumor sensitivity to TK inhibitors, particularly in lung adenocarcinomas, the predominant histological subtype in Japan and the United States. To clarify links between EGFR mutations and pathological findings in Japanese lung cancer, detailed pathological features of adenocarcinomas were examined using the WHO criteria as well as our cell type classification (hobnail, columnar and polygonal). Medical records were reviewed for a total of 107 surgically resected tumors. Clinicopathological factors were examined and correlations with EGFR status were evaluated. EGFR mutations were found in 63 patients (59%) distributed through all four exons examined (through exons 18-21). EGFR mutations were significantly associated with female gender (P=0.003), non-smoker status (P=0.008) and hobnail cell morphology (P<0.00001). In addition, detailed pathological examination showed significant associations with bronchioloalveolar carcinoma (BAC) component and a micropapillary pattern (MPP) (P=0.012 and 0.043, respectively). We conclude that characteristic histological features, i.e. the hobnail cell morphology and the presence of BAC component and MPP are good predictors of EGFR mutations in lung adenocarcinoma.
ErbB2 has been proven to be an important target for breast cancer therapy. MP-412 is a dual ErbB2 and epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor belonging to an irreversible-type anilinoquinazoline derivative. We demonstrate herein that along with the kinase inhibition, MP-412 has the ability to induce ubiquitination, internalization, and degradation of ErbB2 in several human breast cancer cell lines at concentrations relatively higher than those required for kinase inhibition. Another irreversible inhibitor, CI-1033, showed similar activity, while the reversible compounds were ineffective, suggesting a crucial role of covalent bonding functionality in these effects. In MCF7 cells, MP-412 depleted not only ErbB2 but also estrogen receptor (ER)-alpha, and to some extent, affected Raf-1, while MP-412 activated Hsp70 expression. Moreover, we observed that MP-412 increased immunocomplexing of Hsp70 with ErbB2 and ER-alpha, with simultaneous induction of ubiquitination of these client proteins. Furthermore, in combination with proteasome inhibitor, MP-412 resulted in the noticeable accumulation of ErbB2 and ER-alpha in the detergent insoluble fraction of cell lysates. These results suggest that MP-412 acts as an inhibitor of Hsp90 function, whereas MP-412 did not bind directly to ATP-binding site of Hsp90, unlike geldanamycin. We also found that new protein synthesis was involved in the activity of MP-412 on Hsp90 modulation. Since downregulation of ErbB2 and ER-alpha by accelerating the ubiquitin-proteolysis system will become an attractive approach for breast cancer therapy, we expect MP-412 to be a lead compound for the drug design and the development of such agents.
BACKGROUND: Results from epidemiologic studies on the relationship between vitamin D and breast cancer risk are inconclusive. It is possible that vitamin D may be effective in reducing risk only of specific subtypes due to disease heterogeneity. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In case-control and case-series analyses, we examined serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) in relation to breast cancer prognostic characteristics, including histologic grade, estrogen receptor (ER), and molecular subtypes defined by ER, progesterone receptor (PR) and HER2, among 579 women with incident breast cancer and 574 controls matched on age and time of blood draw enrolled in the Roswell Park Cancer Institute from 2003 to 2008. We found that breast cancer cases had significantly lower 25OHD concentrations than controls (adjusted mean, 22.8 versus 26.2 ng/mL, p<0.001). Among premenopausal women, 25OHD concentrations were lower in those with high- versus low-grade tumors, and ER negative versus ER positive tumors (p</=0.03). Levels were lowest among women with triple-negative cancer (17.5 ng/mL), significantly different from those with luminal A cancer (24.5 ng/mL, p = 0.002). In case-control analyses, premenopausal women with 25OHD concentrations above the median had significantly lower odds of having triple-negative cancer (OR = 0.21, 95% CI = 0.08-0.53) than those with levels below the median; and every 10 ng/mL increase in serum 25OHD concentrations was associated with a 64% lower odds of having triple-negative cancer (OR = 0.36, 95% CI = 0.22-0.56). The differential associations by tumor subtypes among premenopausal women were confirmed in case-series analyses. CONCLUSION: In our analyses, higher serum levels of 25OHD were associated with reduced risk of breast cancer, with associations strongest for high grade, ER negative or triple negative cancers in premenopausal women. With further confirmation in large prospective studies, these findings could warrant vitamin D supplementation for reducing breast cancer risk, particularly those with poor prognostic characteristics among premenopausal women.
BACKGROUND: CD148 is a transmembrane protein tyrosine phosphatase that is expressed in multiple cell types. Previous studies have shown that CD148 dephosphorylates growth factor receptors and their signaling molecules, including EGFR and ERK1/2, and negatively regulates cancer cell growth. Furthermore, research of clinical patients has shown that highly linked CD148 gene polymorphisms, Gln276Pro (Q276P) and Arg326Gln (R326Q), are associated with an increased risk of several types of cancer. However, the biological effects of these missense mutations have not been studied. AIM: We aimed to determine the biological effects of CD148 Q276P/R326Q mutations in cancer cell proliferation and growth factor signaling, with emphasis on EGFR signaling. METHODS: CD148 forms, wild-type (WT) or Q276P/R326Q, were retrovirally introduced into A431D epidermoid carcinoma cells that lacks CD148 expression. The stable cells that express comparable levels of CD148 were sorted by flow cytometry. A431D cells infected with empty retrovirus was used as a control. CD148 localization, cell proliferation rate, EGFR signaling, and the response to thrombospondin-1 (TSP1), a CD148 ligand, were assessed by immunostaining, cell proliferation assay, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, and Western blotting. RESULTS: Both CD148 forms (WT, Q276P/R326Q) were distributed to cell surface and all three cell lines expressed same level of EGFR. Compared to control cells, the A431D cells that express CD148 forms showed significantly lower cell proliferation rates. EGF-induced EGFR and ERK1/2 phosphorylation as well as cell proliferation were also significantly reduced in these cells. Furthermore, TSP1 inhibited cell proliferation in CD148 (WT, Q276P/R326Q)-expressing A431D cells, while it showed no effects in control cells. However, significant differences were not observed between CD148 WT and Q276P/R326Q cells. CONCLUSION: Our data demonstrates that Q276P/R326Q mutations do not have major effects on TSP1-CD148 interaction as well as on CD148's cellular localization and activity to inhibit EGFR signaling and cell proliferation.
We sought to assess discordance of HER2 status in patients with HER2-amplified/expressing solid tumors who underwent reevaluation of HER2 status. Patients with metastatic solid tumors and HER2 expression by IHC or amplification by FISH/next-generation sequencing on local testing underwent central HER2 IHC/FISH testing with either archival or fresh biopsies and were evaluated for discordance in HER2 status. 70 patients (12 cancer types) underwent central HER2 reevaluation, including 57 (81.4%) with a new biopsy. In 30 patients with HER2 3+ on local IHC, 21 (70.0%) were 3+, 5 (16.7%) were 2+, 2 (6.7%) were 1+, and 2 (6.7%) had 0 HER2 expression on central IHC. In 15 patients whose cancers were 2+ on local IHC, 2 (13.3%) were 3+, 5 (33.3%) were 2+, 7 (46.7%) were 1+, and 1 (6.7%) had 0 HER2 expression on central IHC. HER2 discordance was seen in 16 of 52 (30.8%) of patients with HER2 overexpression/amplification who underwent a new image-guided biopsy. Discordance was observed in 10 (33.3%) of 30 patients who received intervening HER2-targeted therapy and in 6 (23.8%) of 22 patients who did not. In the 8 patients who had central HER2 assessment from the same archival block used for local testing, none were discordant. Discordance of HER2 status is common in patients with tumors previously identified as HER2-expressing, especially in patients with HER2 2+ tumors. Repeat biomarker evaluation may have value when considering HER2-targeted therapies.
In this study we investigate the clinical outcomes of 305 breast cancer (BC) patients, aged 55 years or younger, with long follow-up and according to intrinsic subtypes. The cohort included 151 lymph node negative (LN-) and 154 lymph node positive (LN+) patients. Luminal A tumors were mainly LN-, well differentiated, and of stage I; among them AR was an indicator of good prognosis. Luminal B and HER2 positive nonluminal cancers showed higher tumor grade and nodal metastases as well as higher proliferation status and stage. Among luminal tumors, those PR positive and vimentin negative showed a longer survival. HER2-positive nonluminal and TN patients showed a poorer outcome, with BC-specific death mostly occurring within 5 and 10 years. Only luminal tumor patients underwent BC death over 10 years. When patients were divided in to LN- and LN+ no differences in survival were observed in the luminal subgroups. LN- patients have good survival even after 20 years of follow-up (about 75%), while for LN+ patients survival at 20 years (around 40%) was comparable to HER2-positive nonluminal and TN groups. In conclusion, in our experience ER-positive breast tumors are better divided by classical clinical stage than molecular classification, and they need longer clinical follow-up especially in cases with lymph node involvement.
Glioblastoma (GBM) is a highly aggressive and lethal form of primary brain cancer. Numerous barriers exist to the effective treatment of GBM including the tightly controlled interface between the bloodstream and central nervous system termed the 'neurovascular unit,' a narrow and tortuous tumor extracellular space containing a dense meshwork of proteins and glycosaminoglycans, and genomic heterogeneity and instability. A major goal of GBM therapy is achieving sustained drug delivery to glioma cells while minimizing toxicity to adjacent neurons and glia. Targeted nanotherapeutics have emerged as promising drug delivery systems with the potential to improve pharmacokinetic profiles and therapeutic efficacy. Some of the key cell surface molecules that have been identified as GBM targets include the transferrin receptor, low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein, alpha(v) beta(3) integrin, glucose transporter(s), glial fibrillary acidic protein, connexin 43, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), EGFR variant III, interleukin-13 receptor alpha chain variant 2, and fibroblast growth factor-inducible factor 14. However, most targeted therapeutic formulations have yet to demonstrate improved efficacy related to disease progression or survival. Potential limitations to current targeted nanotherapeutics include: (1) adhesive interactions with nontarget structures, (2) low density or prevalence of the target, (3) lack of target specificity, and (4) genetic instability resulting in alterations of either the target itself or its expression level in response to treatment. In this review, we address these potential limitations in the context of the key GBM targets with the goal of advancing the understanding and development of targeted nanotherapeutics for GBM. WIREs Nanomed Nanobiotechnol 2017, 9:e1439. doi: 10.1002/wnan.1439 For further resources related to this article, please visit the WIREs website.
Tamoxifen-resistant (TAMR) estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) breast cancer is characterized by elevated Erb-B2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2 (ERBB2) expression. However, the underlying mechanisms responsible for the increased ERBB2 expression in the TAMR cells remain poorly understood. Herein, we reported that the ERBB2 expression is regulated at the post-transcriptional level by miR26a/b and the RNA-binding protein human antigen R (HuR), both of which associate with the 3'-UTR of the ERBB2 transcripts. We demonstrated that miR26a/b inhibits the translation of ERBB2 mRNA, whereas HuR enhances the stability of the ERBB2 mRNA. In TAMR ER+ breast cancer cells with elevated ERBB2 expression, we observed a decrease in the level of miR26a/b and an increase in the level of HuR. The forced expression of miR26a/b or the depletion of HuR decreased ERBB2 expression in the TAMR cells, resulting in the reversal of tamoxifen resistance. In contrast, the inactivation of miR26a/b or forced expression of HuR decreased tamoxifen responsiveness of the parental ER+ breast cancer cells. We further showed that the increase in HuR expression in the TAMR ER+ breast cancer cells is attributable to an increase in the HuR mRNA isoform with shortened 3'-UTR, which exhibits increased translational activity. This shortening of the HuR mRNA 3'-UTR via alternative polyadenylation (APA) was observed to be dependent on cleavage stimulation factor subunit 2 (CSTF2/CstF-64), which is up-regulated in the TAMR breast cancer cells. Taken together, we have characterized a model in which the interplay between miR26a/b and HuR post-transcriptionally up-regulates ERBB2 expression in TAMR ER+ breast cancer cells.
BACKGROUND: Appropriate patient selection is needed for targeted therapies that are efficacious only in patients with specific genetic alterations. We aimed to define subgroups of patients with candidate driver genes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. METHODS: Patients with primary lung cancer who underwent clinical genetic tests at Guangdong General Hospital were enrolled. Driver genes were detected by sequencing, high-resolution melt analysis, qPCR, or multiple PCR and RACE methods. RESULTS: 524 patients were enrolled in this study, and the differences in driver gene alterations among subgroups were analyzed based on histology and smoking status. In a subgroup of non-smokers with adenocarcinoma, EGFR was the most frequently altered gene, with a mutation rate of 49.8%, followed by EML4-ALK (9.3%), PTEN (9.1%), PIK3CA (5.2%), c-Met (4.8%), KRAS (4.5%), STK11 (2.7%), and BRAF (1.9%). The three most frequently altered genes in a subgroup of smokers with adenocarcinoma were EGFR (22.0%), STK11 (19.0%), and KRAS (12.0%). We only found EGFR (8.0%), c-Met (2.8%), and PIK3CA (2.6%) alterations in the non-smoker with squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) subgroup. PTEN (16.1%), STK11 (8.3%), and PIK3CA (7.2%) were the three most frequently enriched genes in smokers with SCC. DDR2 and FGFR2 only presented in smokers with SCC (4.4% and 2.2%, respectively). Among these four subgroups, the differences in EGFR, KRAS, and PTEN mutations were statistically significant. CONCLUSION: The distinct features of driver gene alterations in different subgroups based on histology and smoking status were helpful in defining patients for future clinical trials that target these genes. This study also suggests that we may consider patients with infrequent alterations of driver genes as having rare or orphan diseases that should be managed with special molecularly targeted therapies.
As one of the classical traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) prescriptions in treating gynecological tumors, Guizhi Fuling Decoction (GFD) has been used to treat breast cancer (BRCA). Nonetheless, the potential molecular mechanism remains unclear so far. Therefore, systems pharmacology was used in combination with high throughput sequencing-based high throughput screening (HTS(2)) assay and bioinformatic technologies in this study to investigate the molecular mechanisms of GFD in treating BRCA. By computationally analyzing 76 active ingredients in GFD, 38 potential therapeutic targets were predicted and significantly enriched in the "pathways in cancer". Meanwhile, experimental analysis was carried out to examine changes in the expression levels of 308 genes involved in the "pathways in cancer" in BRCA cells treated by five herbs of GFD utilizing HTS(2) platform, and 5 key therapeutic targets, including HRAS, EGFR, PTK2, SOS1, and ITGB1, were identified. The binding mode of active compounds to these five targets was analyzed by molecular docking and molecular dynamics simulation. It was found after integrating the computational and experimental data that, GFD possessed the anti-proliferation, pro-apoptosis, and anti-angiogenesis activities mainly through regulating the PI3K and the MAPK signaling pathways to inhibit BRCA. Besides, consistent with the TCM theory about the synergy of Cinnamomi Ramulus (Guizhi) by Cortex Moutan (Mudanpi) in GFD, both of these two herbs acted on the same targets and pathways. Taken together, the combined application of computational systems pharmacology techniques and experimental HTS(2) platform provides a practical research strategy to investigate the functional and biological mechanisms of the complicated TCM prescriptions.
Cell isolation via antibody-targeted magnetic beads is a powerful tool for research and clinical applications, most recently for isolating circulating tumor cells (CTC). Nonetheless fundamental features of the cell-bead interface are still unknown. Here we apply a clinically relevant antibody against the cancer target HER2 (ErbB2) for magnetic cell isolation. We investigate how many target proteins per cell are sufficient for a cell to be isolated. To understand the importance of primary antibody affinity, we compared a series of point mutants with known affinities and show that even starting with subnanomolar affinity, improving antibody affinity improved cell isolation. To test the importance of the connection between the primary antibody and the magnetic bead, we compared bridging the antibody to the beads with Protein L, secondary antibody, or streptavidin: the high-stability streptavidin-biotin linkage improved sensitivity by an order of magnitude. Cytoskeletal polymerization did not have a major effect on cell isolation, but isolation was inhibited by cholesterol depletion and enhanced by cholesterol loading of cells. Analyzing a panel of human cancer cell lines spanning a wide range of expression showed that the standard approach could only isolate the highest expressing cells. However, our optimization of cholesterol level, primary antibody affinity, and antibody-bead linkage allowed efficient and specific isolation of cells expressing low levels of HER2 or epithelial cell adhesion molecule. These insights should guide future approaches to cell isolation, either magnetically or using other means, and extend the range of cellular antigens and biomarkers that can be targeted for CTC isolation in cancer research and diagnosis.
Aim: A PCR- and sequencing-free mutation detection assay facilitates cancer diagnosis and reduces over-reliance on specialized equipment. This benefit was highlighted during the pandemic when high demand for viral nucleic acid testing often sidelined mutation analysis. This shift led to substantial challenges for patients on targeted therapy in tracking mutations. Here, we report a 30-min DNA mutation detection technique using Cas12a-loaded liposomes in a microplate reader, a fundamental laboratory tool. Methods: CRISPR-Cas12a complex and fluorescence-quenching (FQ) probes are introduced into tumor-derived extracellular vesicles (EV) through membrane fusion. When CRISPR-RNA hybridizes with the DNA target, activated Cas12a can trans-cleave FQ probes, resulting in fluorescence signals for the quantification of DNA mutation. Results: This method enables the detection of EGFR L858R mutation in EV DNA within 30 min. Laborious extraction, purification, and other preparation steps for EV DNA are eliminated. The need for advanced data processing is also dispensed with. In a cohort study involving 10 healthy donors and 30 patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the assay achieved a sensitivity of 86.7%, a specificity of 90%, and an accuracy of 87.5%. Conclusion: The limit of detection of our Cas12 assay was ~ 8 x 10(5) EVs, corresponding to a mutation allele frequency (MAF) of ~ 10%. The MAF in late-stage cancers varies widely but often falls within 5%-50%. Therefore, without amplification of targets, this Cas12 assay can detect mutations in patients with advanced lung cancer. Future advancements in multiplex and high-throughput mutation detection using this assay will streamline self-diagnosis and treatment monitoring at home.
BACKGROUND: The lapatinib-taxane combination led to shorter PFS than trastuzumab-taxane in HER2+ metastatic breast cancer. We investigated the prognostic and predictive effects of pretreatment serum HER2, CAIX, and TIMP-1. METHODS: MA.31 accrued 652 patients; 537 (82%) were centrally confirmed HER2+. Biomarkers were categorized for univariate and multivariable predictive investigations with a median cut-point, ULN cut-points (15 ng/ml for HER2; 506 pg/ml for CAIX; 454 pg/ml for TIMP-1), and custom cut-points (30 and 100 ng/ml for HER2). Stratified step-wise forward Cox multivariable analysis examined continuous and categorical effects of biomarkers on PFS in the ITT and central HER2+ populations; central HER2+ biomarker results are shown. RESULTS: Serum was banked for 472 (72%) of 652 patients. Higher serum HER2 (>median; >15; >30; or >100 ng/ml; p = 0.05-0.002); higher CAIX (>median; >506 pg/ml; p = 0.02; p = 0.001); and higher TIMP-1 (> median; > 454 pg/ml; p = 0.001; p = 0.02) had shorter univariate PFS. In multivariable analysis, higher continuous TIMP-1 was associated with significantly shorter PFS: HR = 1.001 (95% CI = 1.00-01.002; p = 0.004). Continuous serum HER2 and CAIX were not significantly associated with PFS. HER2 of 15 ng/ml or higher had shorter PFS (p = 0.02); higher categorical CAIX had shorter PFS (p = 0.01-0.08). Interaction terms of HER2, CAIX, and TIMP-1 with treatment were not significant; the predictive test power was low. CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of serum TIMP-1, CAIX, and HER2 were significant prognostic biomarkers of shorter PFS. We found no significant interaction between serum biomarkers and response to lapatinib versus trastuzumab. Evaluation of TIMP-1 and CAIX-targeted therapy in addition to HER2-targeted therapy appears warranted in patients with elevated serum levels of these biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Many studies have evaluated the accuracy of EGFR mutation status in blood against that in tumor tissues as the reference. We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to assess whether blood can be used as a substitute for tumor tissue in detecting EGFR mutations. METHODS: Investigations that provided data on EGFR mutation status in blood were searched in the databases of Medline, Embase, Ovid Technologies and Web of Science. The detect efficiency of EGFR mutations in paired blood and tissues was compared using a random-effects model of meta-analysis. Pooled sensitivity and specificity and diagnostic accuracy were calculated by receiver operating characteristic curve. RESULTS: A total of 19 studies with 2,922 individuals were involved in this meta-analysis. The pooled results showed the positive detection rate of EGFR mutations in lung cancer tissues was remarkably higher than that of paired blood samples (odds ratio [OR] = 1.47, p<0.001). The pooled sensitivity and specificity of blood were 0.65 and 0.91, respectively, and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.89. CONCLUSIONS: Although blood had a better specificity for detecting EGFR mutations, the absence of blood positivity should not necessarily be construed as confirmed negativity. Patients with negative results for blood should decidedly undergo further biopsies to ascertain EGFR mutations.
To evaluate the clinical features, molecular subtypes, therapeutic strategies, and prognostic factors of occult breast cancer (OBC). Patients with T0-3/N1-3/M0 breast cancer diagnosed in 2010-2018 (n = 114,303, including 691 with OBC) were retrieved from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End-Results (SEER) database. The endpoints were overall survival (OS) and breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS). Compared with non-OBC, OBC presented significantly more adverse clinicopathological prognostic features. More patients with OBC underwent breast-conserving treatment (BCT) and less had axillary lymphadenectomy (ALD). Outcomes were more favorable in OBC cases compared with non-OBC cases (p = .002 for OS, p = .002 for BCSS). Triple-negative (TNBC) and HER2-enriched were the subtypes with the worst prognosis in OBC (p < .05). Prognosis was better for triple-negative OBC compared with the same subtype of non-OBC. N-stage was not a strong prognostic indicator of OBC (p > .05 for OS). Cases who underwent systemic chemotherapy alone without surgery had the worst prognosis among OBC patients. For locoregional therapy, mastectomy and radiotherapy could confer survival advantage; standard axillary lymph node dissection (ALND) and positive lymph node dissection (PLND) contributed notably to OS in OBC patients. Both OS and BCSS were better in OBC cases compared with non-OBC. Systemic chemotherapy alone without surgery is not appropriate for OBC treatment, and mastectomy plus standard axillary surgery is recommended. Patients with hormone receptor-positive and low burden of axillary lymph node metastasis may be spared from radiotherapy after undergoing standard axillary lymphadenectomy.
Cancer evolution poses a central obstacle to cure, as resistant clones expand under therapeutic selection pressures. Genome sequencing of relapsed disease can nominate genomic alterations conferring resistance but sample collection lags behind, limiting therapeutic innovation. Genome-wide screens offer a complementary approach to chart the compendium of escape genotypes, anticipating clinical resistance. We report genome-wide open reading frame (ORF) resistance screens for first- and third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors and a MEK inhibitor. Using serial sampling, dose gradients, and mathematical modeling, we generate genotype-fitness maps across therapeutic contexts and identify alterations that escape therapy. Our data expose varying dose-fitness relationship across genotypes, ranging from complete dose invariance to paradoxical dose dependency where fitness increases in higher doses. We predict fitness with combination therapy and compare these estimates to genome-wide fitness maps of drug combinations, identifying genotypes where combination therapy results in unexpected inferior effectiveness. These data are applied to nominate combination optimization strategies to forestall resistant disease.
BACKGROUND: Among breast cancer (BC) patients the outcomes of anticancer therapy vary dramatically due to the highly heterogeneous molecular characteristics of BC. Therefore, an extended panel of BC cell lines are required for in vitro and in vivo studies to find out new characteristic of carcinogenesis and metastasis. The purpose of this study was to develop patient-derived BC cell cultures and metastatic tumor models representing a tool for personal therapy and translational research. METHODS: Breast cancer cells were prepared by optimizing technique from tumor samples. We used real-time RT-PCR, flow cytometry, western blotting, cytotoxicity assay, karyotyping and fluorescent and electron microscopy analyses to characterize the established cell lines. BC xenografts in scid mice were used for in vivo tumorigenicity studies. RESULTS: The technique of preparing primary cells was optimized and this resulted in a high output of viable and active proliferated cells of nine patient-derived breast cancer cell lines and one breast non-malignant cell line. High E-cadherine and EpCAM expression correlated positively with epithelial phenotype while high expression of N-cadherine and Vimentin were shown in cells with mesenchymal phenotype. All mesenchymal-like cell lines were high HER3-positive-up to 90%. More interesting than that, is that two cell lines under specific culturing conditions (pulsed hypoxia and conditioned media) progressively transformed from mesenchymal to epithelial phenotypes displaying the expression of respective molecular markers proving that the mesenchymal-to-epithelial transition occurred. Becoming epithelial, these cells have lost HER3 and decreased HER2 membrane receptors. Three of the established epithelial cancer cell lines were tumorigenic in SCID mice and the generated tumors exhibited lobules-like structures. Ultrastructure analysis revealed low-differentiate phenotype of tumorigenic cell lines. These cells were in near-triploid range with multiple chromosome rearrangements. Tumorigenic BrCCh4e cells, originated from the patient of four-course chemotherapy, initiated metastasis when they were grafted subcutaneous with colonization of mediastinum lymph nodes. CONCLUSIONS: The developed BC cells metastasizing to mediastinum lymph nodes are a relevant model for downstream applications. Moreover, our findings demonstrate that pulsed hypoxia induces transformation of primary fibroblastoid breast cancer cells to epithelial-like cells and both of these cultures-induced and original-don't show tumor initiating capacity.
Development of effective and durable breast cancer treatment strategies requires a mechanistic understanding of the influence of the microenvironment on response. Previous work has shown that cellular signaling pathways and cell morphology are dramatically influenced by three-dimensional (3D) cultures as opposed to traditional two-dimensional (2D) monolayers. Here, we compared 2D and 3D culture models to determine the impact of 3D architecture and extracellular matrix (ECM) on HER2 signaling and on the response of HER2-amplified breast cancer cell lines to the HER2-targeting agents Trastuzumab, Pertuzumab and Lapatinib. We show that the response of the HER2-amplified AU565, SKBR3 and HCC1569 cells to these anti-HER2 agents was highly dependent on whether the cells were cultured in 2D monolayer or 3D laminin-rich ECM gels. Inhibition of beta1 integrin, a major cell-ECM receptor subunit, significantly increased the sensitivity of the HER2-amplified breast cancer cell lines to the humanized monoclonal antibodies Trastuzumab and Pertuzumab when grown in a 3D environment. Finally, in the absence of inhibitors, 3D cultures had substantial impact on HER2 downstream signaling and induced a switch between PI3K-AKT- and RAS-MAPK-pathway activation in all cell lines studied, including cells lacking HER2 amplification and overexpression. Our data provide direct evidence that breast cancer cells are able to rapidly adapt to different environments and signaling cues by activating alternative pathways that regulate proliferation and cell survival, events that may play a significant role in the acquisition of resistance to targeted therapies.
Evaluation of cost-utility is critical in assessing the medical utility of predictive or prognostic biomarkers. Current methods involve complex state-transition models, requiring comprehensive data inputs. We propose a simplified decision-analytic tool to explore the relative effect of factors contributing to the cost-utility of a biomarker. We derived a cost-utility metric, the "test incremental cost-effectiveness ratio" (TICER) for biomarker-guided treatment compared to no biomarker use. This method uses data inputs readily accessible through clinical literature. We compared our results with traditional cost-effectiveness analysis of predictive biomarkers for established (HER2-guided trastuzumab, ALK-guided crizotinib, OncotypeDX-guided adjuvant chemotherapy) and emerging (ROS1-guided crizotinib) targeted treatments. We conducted sensitivity analysis to determine which factors had the greatest impact on TICER estimates. Base case TICER for HER2 was $149,600/quality-adjusted life year (QALY), for ALK was $22,200/QALY, and for OncotypeDX was $11,600/QALY, consistent with literature-reported estimates ($180,000/QALY, $202,800/QALY, $8900/QALY, respectively). Base case TICER for ROS1-guided crizotinib was $205,900/QALY. Generally, when treatment cost is considerably greater than biomarker testing costs, TICER is driven by clinical outcomes and health-related quality of life, while biomarker prevalence and treatment cost have a lesser effect. Our simplified decision-analytic approach produces values consistent with existing cost-effectiveness analyses. Our results suggest that biomarker value is mostly driven by the clinical efficacy of the targeted agent. A user-friendly web tool for complete TICER analysis has been made available for open use at http://medicine.yale.edu/lab/pusztai/ticer/ .
The aim of our study was to compare serum levels and protein tissue of human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 proto-oncogene (HER2) and mucin 1 (MUC1) using an antigen-capture enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and immunohistochemistry (IHC) in canine mammary carcinomas and investigate how the 2 markers correlate with dogs with metastasis and without metastasis to a regional lymph node. Forty-eight female dogs were selected, including 14 with non-metastatic cancer, 14 with lymph node metastasis, and 20 healthy animals. Serum samples were collected from all the animals and tissues from 28 dogs with malignant mammary tumor with or without metastasis for evaluated HER2 and MUC1 expression. Tissue sample were evaluated for MUC1 and HER2 immunoexpression by IHC. The results showed measurable serum levels of MUC1 and HER2 in all groups. While serum MUC1 levels were significantly higher in animals with metastasis than the other 2 groups, no increase was observed in HER2 serum levels. The MUC1 IHC results showed that only membrane immunostaining was significantly different between the groups. Statistically, there was an association between immunostaining and the serum HER2 levels. Our results indicate that serum concentrations of HER2 and the IHC staining pattern for HER2 in primary tumor do not correlate with the presence of regional metastasis. However, increased concentrations of MUC1 in the serum of dogs with mammary cancer are associated with the presence of metastasis to regional lymph nodes. A membrane pattern of IHC staining for MUC1 in the primary tumor suggests that metastases to regional lymph node are present.
BACKGROUND: Gene expression assays are increasingly used for decision-making regarding adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer. There are some clinical situations in which there is also a need for better prognostic and predictive markers to better estimate the amount of benefit from adjuvant radiotherapy. The rising availability of gene expression analyses prompts the question whether their results can also be used to guide clinical decisions regarding adjuvant radiation. SUMMARY: Multiple studies suggest a correlation between results from gene expression assays and locoregional recurrence rates. Only few publications addressed the predictive value of results from gene expression analysis for the role of adjuvant radiotherapy in different settings. KEY MESSAGES: To date, the available evidence on the possible predictive value of gene expression assays for radiotherapy does not support their inclusion into the decision-making process for adjuvant radiation. This is due to methodological weaknesses and limitations regarding patient selection, the nonrandomized design of all studies in terms of radiotherapy use, and limited availability of tissue from prospective trials. Thus, utilization of the present knowledge for clinical indication of radiotherapy should be very cautious.
AIMS: Polymorphisms in DNA damage repair genes may affect DNA repair capacity and modulate breast cancer susceptibility. In this study, we aimed to analyze two polymorphisms for each of the DNA repair genes X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) rs25487 and rs1799782 and excision repair cross-complementing group 1 (ERCC1) rs3212964 and rs11615, to evaluate their associations with the risk of sporadic breast cancer in Han women in the Gansu Province of China. METHODS: Genotypes were determined by a polymerase chain reaction-based approach for 101 patients with breast cancer and in 101 disease-free controls. RESULTS: We found that individuals with the AA genotype at XRCC1 rs25487 had a significantly increased risk of breast cancer compared with GG genotype (p<0.001, odds ratio [OR]=6.39, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.18-18.65). The dominant model showed that the combined rs25487 genotypes (AA+AG) increased the disease risk (p<0.001, OR=3.17, 95% CI: 1.76-5.72). However, no statistical associations were found between rs1799782 in XRCC1, or rs3212964 and rs11615 in ERCC1 and the risk of disease. In haplotype analysis, the GC haplotype in XRCC1 conferred an increased risk (p<0.001) with a 4.78-fold increase for each copy (95% CI: 2.52-8.72). Significant associations were also shown between the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and the status of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and HER-2. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the XRCC1 rs25487 polymorphism may increase the risk of breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Guidelines recommend that women with hormone receptor-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HR+/HER2-) metastatic breast cancer (mBC) initiate hormonal therapy before chemotherapy. This study compared outcomes of women with mBC who received chemotherapy first vs hormonal therapy. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of women with mBC was conducted using a large US commercial health plan database between January 1, 2008-April 30, 2013. Subjects had evidence of a HR+/HER2- tumor sub-type in a cancer registry and use of chemotherapy or hormonal therapy in claims. Subjects were continuously enrolled for >/=6 months after metastasis and assigned to cohorts for receiving chemotherapy only or hormonal therapy only during first-line (CT-1L vs HT-1L). Adjusted incidence rates of clinically significant events were compared using a negative binomial model, and adjusted healthcare costs were compared using a generalized linear model. RESULTS: Three hundred and twenty-four women with HR+/HER2- mBC met the selection criteria; 179 (55%) received CT-1L and 145 (45%) received HT-1L. Mortality rates did not differ between cohorts (unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) = 1.67, 95% CI = 0.82-3.46; adjusted IRR = 0.64, 95% CI = 0.32-1.27). Adjusted average total all-cause healthcare costs were $11 090 for women with CT-1L and $6743 for women with HT-1L (cost ratio =1.64, 95% CI =1.36-1.99). CONCLUSIONS: Observed use of first-line chemotherapy (>50%) was higher than expected given the HR + molecular profile of the tumors. Chemotherapy use during first-line did not appear to be associated with a survival benefit, but was associated with significantly higher costs compared with the use of hormonal therapy during first-line; however, this comparison is limited by demographic and baseline characteristic differences between the two cohorts. This study contributes to understanding real-world treatment patterns and the associated clinical and economic outcomes of using chemotherapy vs hormonal therapy as a first-line treatment option for the HR+/HER2- mBC population.
Background. Lapatinib is an oral small molecule dual tyrosine kinase inhibitor that has been shown to improve time to progression versus capecitabine in women with HER2+ metastatic breast cancer (MBC) previously treated with trastuzumab. Objective. To describe extent, predictors, and consequences of nonadherence with lapatinib in women with MBC who were previously treated with trastuzumab. Methods. This was a retrospective observational study using data from a large health insurance claims databases spanning January 2000 to March 2010. Measures of lapatinib adherence included medication possession ratio (MPR), time to discontinuation (end of supply), time to first treatment interruption (gap during treatment of 30 days without supply), and duration of continuous therapy (time to gap of 30 days without supply or end of supply). Predictors of nonadherence to lapatinib and the association between nonadherence and outcomes, utilization, and costs were examined using multiple regression analysis. Results. A total of 666 patients met all inclusion criteria. Mean initial lapatinib dosage was 1161 mg daily; 63% received index lapatinib in combination with capecitabine. Mean MPR was 87%; 22% of patients had MPR < 80%. Median time to lapatinib discontinuation was 9.1 months (95% confidence interval = 8.0-10.2). Twenty-seven percent of patients had one or more treatment interruptions during follow-up. Median duration of continuous therapy was 5.9 months (95% confidence interval = 5.1-6.1). Concomitant therapy with a taxane was a predictor of nonadherence (odds ratio for MPR < 80% = 10.30; P < .001). There was a statistically significant association between nonadherence to lapatinib and greater number of outpatient visits (P = .028). Conclusions. In women with MBC who were previously treated with trastuzumab, mean adherence to lapatinib in typical clinical practice is relatively high overall, although there is a small group of patients with high nonadherence. Targeted efforts to improve adherence to lapatinib in this subgroup may be warranted.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is an oncogene frequently overexpressed in breast cancer (BC), and its overexpression has been associated with poor prognosis and drug resistance. EGFR is therefore a rational target for BC therapy development. This study demonstrated that a graviola fruit extract (GFE) significantly downregulated EGFR gene expression and inhibited the growth of BC cells and xenografts. GFE selectively inhibited the growth of EGFR-overexpressing human BC (MDA-MB-468) cells (IC(50) = 4.8 mug/ml) but had no effect on nontumorigenic human breast epithelial cells (MCF-10A). GFE significantly downregulated EGFR mRNA expression, arrested cell cycle in the G0/G1 phase, and induced apoptosis in MDA-MB-468 cells. In the mouse xenograft model, a 5-wk dietary treatment of GFE (200 mg/kg diet) significantly reduced the protein expression of EGFR, p-EGFR, and p-ERK in MDA-MB-468 tumors by 56%, 54%, and 32.5%, respectively. Overall, dietary GFE inhibited tumor growth, as measured by wet weight, by 32% (P < 0.01). These data showed that dietary GFE induced significant growth inhibition of MDA-MB-468 cells in vitro and in vivo through a mechanism involving the EGFR/ERK signaling pathway, suggesting that GFE may have a protective effect for women against EGFR-overexpressing BC.
Purpose Chemotherapy remains the primary treatment for metastatic gastric/GEJ cancer but optimal agents and schedule remain controversial. This study examined the safety and efficacy of first-line Irinotecan, capecitabine (Xeloda(R)), and Oxaliplatin (IXO). Patients and Methods Eligible patients with HER2-unamplified/unknown, metastatic gastric/GEJ adenocarcinoma were treated with 21-day cycle IXO at dose level 1 (DL1: Day 1 O-100 mg/m(2) & I-160 mg/m(2) IV, Day 2-15 X-1900 mg/m(2)/day PO divided doses) or modified IXO (mIXO): Day 1 O-85 mg/m(2) & I-120 mg/m(2) IV, Day 2-15 X-1425 mg/m(2)/day PO divided doses). This Bryant and Day two-stage designed study had dual primary endpoints of objective response rate (ORR) and toxicity. Secondary endpoints were overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS). Results Fifty patients were enrolled and received a median of 7 cycles. After accrual of 9 patients at DL1, evaluable RR was 88% however dose limiting toxicity (DLT) rate was 56% thus doses were adjusted to mIXO. Fifteen patients accrued at mIXO had a RR of 60% and DLT rate of 13% allowing continuation to stage 2. Overall, 48 and 49 patients were evaluable for efficacy and safety, respectively, with ORR of 54% and DLTs in 24% of patients (DL1 = 56%; mIXO = 18%). Disease control rate was 85%. The most frequent grade 3/4 adverse events were diarrhea, neutropenia, fatigue, hypokalemia, and nausea. Median PFS and OS were 7.5 and 13.0 months, respectively, with a median follow-up of 9.7 months. Conclusion mIXO demonstrates promising ORR, PFS, OS, and acceptable toxicity compared to standard triplet regimens. IXO should be evaluated in phase III trials.
INTRODUCTION: Translocation of the anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene is involved in the tumorigenesis of a subset of non-small cell lung carcinomas (NSCLCs) and identifies patients sensitive to ALK inhibitors. ALK copy number changes and amplification, which plays an oncogenic role in tumors such as neuroblastoma, are poorly characterized in NSCLC. We aimed to study the prevalence of ALK copy number changes and their correlation to ALK protein expression, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status, and clinicopathological data in patients with NSCLC. METHODS: ALK status was evaluated by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). Specimens with ALK translocation were studied for echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4 (EML4), KIF5B, and TFG status. ALK expression was assessed by immunohistochemistry. EGFR gene and protein status were evaluated in adenocarcinomas. Survival analysis was performed. RESULTS: One hundred seven NSCLC cases were evaluated. There were two cases of EML4-ALK translocation and one with an atypical translocation of ALK. Both cases of EML4-ALK translocation had ALK protein expression, whereas in the rest, ALK was undetected. Eleven cases (10%) exhibited ALK amplification and 68 (63%) copy number gains. There was an association between ALK amplification and EGFR FISH positivity (p < 0.0001) but not with prognosis. In conclusion, EML4-ALK translocation is a rare event in NSCLC. CONCLUSION: The study reveals a significant frequency of ALK amplification and its association with EGFR FISH positivity in lung adenocarcinomas. Based on these findings, a potential role of ALK amplification in the response to ALK inhibitors alone or combined with EGFR inhibitors in NSCLC merits further studies.
The receptor tyrosine kinase, Met, orchestrates a complex signalling network that physiologically drives a programme of 'invasive growth'. In cancer however, this process may be co-opted to promote proliferation, survival and metastasis of cancer cells. Met is thus a key therapeutic target, not least in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) where it is one of the most commonly dysregulated driver oncogenes. Identifying robust biomarkers that allow the selection of patients most likely to respond to Met targeted therapies will however be essential to realising their potential. This has been underlined recently by the early termination of three pivotal phase III trials investigating Met targeted agents in NSCLC, all of which failed to show clinical benefit. In contrast to these trials, which were relatively unselective, a couple of early phase trials have recently been instigated that select patients on the basis of Met amplification. While still at an early stage, interim results are relatively encouraging and strengthen the rationale for using Met amplifaction as a biomarker. Here we will discuss this and other aberrations in Met signalling in relation to their significance in the therapeutic targeting of Met.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the risk of cardiovascular adverse events associated with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients with EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). DESIGN: Systematic review and network meta-analysis. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and three clinical trial registries, from inception to 20 November 2024. STUDY SELECTION: Randomised controlled trials comparing EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor monotherapy with placebo or other treatments in patients with EGFR-mutated NSCLC. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Pairs of reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. A random effects network meta-analysis using a frequentist approach compared adverse drug reactions across different treatments. Certainty of evidence was evaluated using the confidence in network meta-analysis approach. Pairwise meta-analyses were done to compare the three generations of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. RESULTS: The network meta-analysis comprised 89 randomised controlled trials involving 29 813 participants, mean follow-up 2.18 years. Compared with placebo, both first generation (odds ratio 1.51, 95% confidence interval 1.01 to 2.26; high certainty; pooled incidence 3.2%) and third generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (2.18, 1.46 to 3.27; high certainty; 9.5%) were associated with increased risks of cardiac adverse events. Among third generation inhibitors, osimertinib (2.53, 1.53 to 4.19; high certainty; 8.9%) and lazertinib (2.84, 1.17 to 6.91; moderate certainty; 2.7%) were associated with cardiac adverse events. Combined therapies, such as antiangiogenesis with erlotinib or gefitinib, were associated with vascular adverse events (high certainty), whereas antiangiogenesis with osimertinib was associated with cardiovascular adverse events (moderate to high certainty). Also, the risk of arrhythmias was significantly higher with third generation inhibitors (3.26, 1.83 to 5.81; high certainty; 7.3%), such as osimertinib alone (3.35, 1.75 to 6.40; high certainty; 6.2%) and in combination with antiangiogenesis. Almonertinib was associated with vascular toxicity. In pairwise meta-analysis, third generation inhibitors were associated with higher risks of any grade and grade >/=3 cardiovascular adverse events compared with first generation inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with EGFR-mutated NSCLC, first and third generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors, as well as combination therapies with antiangiogenesis, were associated with increased risks of cardiovascular adverse events. Risks were significantly higher with third generation compared with first generation inhibitors. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42023433003.
Nanomedicine has revolutionized the available treatment options during the last decade, but poor selectivity of targeted drug delivery and release is still poses a challenge. In this study, doxorubicin (DOX) and magnetite nanoparticles were encapsulated by freezing-induced loading, coated with polymeric shell bearing two bi-layers of polyarginine/dextran sulphate and finally modified with HER2-specific DARPin proteins. We demonstrated that the enhanced cellular uptake of these nanocarriers predominantly occurs by SKOV-3 (HER2+) cells, in comparison to CHO (HER2-) cells, together with the controlled DOX release using low intensity focused ultrasound (LIFU). In addition, a good ability of DARPin+ capsules to accumulate in the tumor and the possibility of combination therapy with LIFU were demonstrated. A relatively high sensitivity of the obtained nanocarriers to LIFU and their preferential interactions with mitochondria in cancer cells make these carriers promising candidates for cancer treatment, including novel approaches to overcome drug resistance.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the allelic relation between de novo T790M and concomitant sensitizing EGFR mutations in EGFR-TKIs naive NSCLCs and to explore whether the formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded (FFPE) materials affect the detection of de novo EGFR T790M mutation. METHODS: Specimens of 300 consecutive EGFR-TKI naive NSCLCs who received surgical resection between January 2016 and June 2018 were retrospectively investigated. All the snap-frozen tumor tissues from 300 NSCLCs were screened by droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) for the detection of de novo T790M mutation. The allelic relation between de novo T790M mutation and concomitant sensitizing EGFR mutations was also investigated. Furthermore, we assessed de novo T790M mutation in paired FFPE specimens of 50 patients which included tumor tissues and paired normal lung tissues of the pretreatment NSCLCs to investigate whether FFPE materials affect the detection of de novo T790M mutation. RESULTS: The de novo T790M mutation was observed in four patients which included one patient of single de novo T790M mutation and three patients of de novo T790M mutation coexisting with L858R mutation. The incidence of de novo T790M in pretreatment NSCLCs who harboring EGFR mutations was 2.9% (4/139). All the de novo T790M mutations were detected in cis with the concomitant L858R mutations for the three NSCLCs. Our ddPCR method demonstrated that the frequency of de novo T790M mutation was ranging from 0.1% to 0.5% among 90% (45/50) of the FFPE tumor samples and 92% (46/50) of the paired FFPE adjacent normal lung samples. The frequency of de novo T790M mutation in the paired snap-frozen samples was all below 0.1%. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated that most de novo T790M mutations were detected in cis with concomitant sensitizing mutations for pretreatment NSCLCs. Analytical cut-off of ddPCR assay for FFPE specimens should be validated carefully considering the possibility of FFPE-derived artificial gene mutations.
Polysaccharides play important roles in the bioactivities of Rehmannia glutinosa. This study examined the physiochemical structure and biological activity of the polysaccharides of R. glutinosa during nine steps of processing. Characteristic study showed galactose, glucose, and fructose were the major sugars in the polysaccharides. The percentage of the high-molecular weight polysaccharide increased after processing. In addition, polysaccharides from repeated steam and dry processing of R. glutinosa can effectively increase the anti-inflammatory activity. Secretions of tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-6, and transforming growth factor (TGF)beta after lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulation were detected in RAW264.7 macrophages because of its anti-inflammatory activity. RG-B9, a polysaccharide of the ninth steam and dry processing, showed the strongest inhibitory activity on bacterial LPS-induced macrophage IL-6 and TGFbeta production. Mechanically, RG-B9 down-regulated the phosphorylation of AKT/ERK. The anti-inflammation of RG-B9 involved AKT/ERK/JNK signaling. In addition, RG-B9 inhibited the viability of lung cancer cells via EGFR/AKT signaling.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) harboring activating mutations is a clinically validated target in non-small-cell lung cancer, and a number of inhibitors of the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain, including osimertinib, have been approved for clinical use. Resistance to these therapies has emerged due to a variety of molecular events including the C797S mutation which renders third-generation C797-targeting covalent EGFR inhibitors considerably less potent against the target due to the loss of the key covalent-bond-forming residue. We describe the medicinal chemistry optimization of a biochemically potent but modestly cell-active, reversible EGFR inhibitor starting point with sub-optimal physicochemical properties. These studies culminated in the identification of compound 12 that showed improved cell potency, oral exposure, and in vivo activity in clinically relevant EGFR-mutant-driven disease models, including an Exon19 deletion/T790M/C797S triple-mutant mouse xenograft model.
Functional foods have emerged as a new approach to improve human health in term of nutraceutical to prevent people from illness rather than cure patients through medical treatment. In Asian society, particularly in Thailand, the utilizations of functional ingredients have been integrated in every parts of ordinary life. In this study, the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibiting properties of 23 Thai's herbs-ethanol extracts have been examined. The crude extracts of only four species that inhibit the activity of EGFR-tyrosine kinase, Azadirachta indica (neem, Sa-dao), Brucea javanica (L.) Merr. (Rajadad), Hibiscus sabdariffa L. (Roselle, Krachiap daeng), and Saccharum chinensis Roxb. (Red sugar cane). Moreover, only ethanol extractions from A. indica and B. javanica were also showed antitumor effect to non-small cell lung cancer, A549 cells.
The therapeutic possibilities for patients with metastatic melanoma have changed due to the development of targeted therapies that inhibit oncogenic signaling pathways as well as immune modulating therapies that unleash the patient antitumor immunity. These therapeutic changes have impressively increased the median overall survival of the patients. Considering the dramatic but transient responses that occur with targeted therapies for a subgroup of patients and the durable responses that can be achieved with immunotherapy in a subset of patients, a lot of effort is ongoing for the clinical development of combinations of these two therapeutic approaches. Herein we discuss the existing preclinical and clinical data for the combination of targeted therapies and immunotherapy focusing mainly on melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
BACKGROUND: Biotin-labeled trastuzumab (BiotHER) can be used to test for HER2 by immunohistochemistry. We previously showed that BiotHER immunoreactivity is highly correlated with HER2 amplification and indicated that it could be associated with better clinical outcome in advanced breast cancer patients receiving trastuzumab. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Tumor specimens and clinical information from 234 patients who received trastuzumab-based treatments were collected from 10 institutions. HER2 amplification and BiotHER immunoreactivity were assessed centrally. The effect of BiotHER positivity on response rate (RR), time to progression and survival were studied by univariate and multivariate analysis in patients presenting HER2-amplified breast cancer. The pathologic reviews of the assays were blinded to patient outcomes. RESULTS: BiotHER was positive in 109/194 (56%) HER2-amplified breast cancers and in one not amplified tumor. RRs were 74% [95% (confidence interval) CI 64%-81%] and 47% (95% CI 36%-58%) in BiotHER-positive and -negative tumors, respectively (P < 0.001). BiotHER immunoreactivity was independently associated with increased probability of tumor response (odds ratio 3.848; 95% CI 1.952-7.582), with reduced risk of disease progression [hazard ratio (HR) 0.438; 95% CI 0.303-0.633] and with reduced risk of death (HR 0.566; 95% CI 0.368-0.870) by multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: The results support a role for BiotHER testing in better tailoring trastuzumab-based treatments in patients with advanced HER2-amplified breast cancers.
PEGylation of adenovirus (Ad) increases plasma retention and reduces immunogenicity, but decreases the accessibility of virus particles to target cells. We tested whether PEGylated Ad conjugated to Herceptin (Ad-PEG-HER) can be used to treat Her2/neu-positive cells in vitro and in vivo to demonstrate the therapeutic feasibility of this Ad formulation. Ad-PEG-HER transduced Her2/neu-overexpressing cancer cells through a specific interaction between Herceptin and Her2/neu. Ad-PEG-HER treatment resulted in higher plasma retention and lower neutralizing antibody and IL-6 production than naked Ad. This formulation was extended to generate a Her2/neu-targeted, PEGylated oncolytic Ad (DWP418-PEG-HER). DWP418-PEG-HER specifically killed Her2/neu-positive cells and performed better than non-targeted and naked Ad in vivo. DWP418-PEG-HER showed a 10(10)-fold increase in the liver to tumor biodistribution compared with naked Ad. Immunohistochemical staining confirmed accumulation of Ad E1A in tumors. These data suggest that targeted gene therapy with the PEGylated Ad conjugated with Herceptin might shed a light on its therapeutic application for metastatic cancer in the future.
INTRODUCTION: KRAS is one of the most commonly occurring mutated oncogene in human cancers. Development of KRAS G12C or G12D inhibitors exhibit promising clinical activities, but patients harboring other hotspot KRAS mutations cannot benefit from those strategies. Recent development in pan-RAS inhibitors have broad therapeutic implications and merit clinical investigation. However, intrinsic and acquired drug resistance caused by tumor heterogeneity greatly limit the clinical application, posing a significant challenge in this field. RESULTS: In this study, through CRISPR/Cas9 sgRNA screening using a human kinome sgRNA library, EGFR was discovered to correlate with the sensitivity of KRAS-mutated tumors to pan-RAS inhibitor RMC-7977. Through multiple in vitro cell proliferation or viability assays, EGFR loss or pharmacological EGFR inhibition significantly enhances the effectiveness of pan-RAS inhibitors in multiple KRAS(G12C) or KRAS(G12D) cancer cell lines, disregarding their cellular origins. Mechanistically, co-inhibition of EGFR and pan-RAS may further dampen the RTK-RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK pathway activation than either alone, thereby enhancing the anti-tumor activity of pan-RAS inhibitors. Strikingly, with the LL/2 syngeneic mice tumor model, the combination of pan-RAS inhibitors and EGFR inhibitors demonstrated more significant in vivo therapeutic efficacy compared to either single agent. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, this study employed high-throughput CRISPR/Cas9 sgRNA screening to identify the enhanced anti-cancer effects when combining EGFR inhibitors with pan-RAS inhibitors in multiple human KRAS-mutated cancer cell lines as well as a mouse syngeneic tumor model. This synergy underscores the potential for a combinational therapy strategy, leveraging EGFR and pan-RAS inhibitors to improve treatment outcomes for patients with KRAS-driven cancers.
BACKGROUND: We report a pilot clinical trial investigating the feasibility of liquid biopsy genotyping (LBG) at the time of radiological suspicion of advanced NSCLC, incorporating a micro-cost model (MCM). (PLAsma Genomic Testing in Advanced NSCLC; The PLAN trial, ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05542485). METHODS: Patients with a radiologic suspicion of stage III-IV lung cancer were recruited from four cancer centres in Ireland between August 2023 and July 2024. LBG was performed using the Archer LiquidplexTM NGS assay. The MCM considered staff time, consumables and capital costs and savings from avoidance of repeat tissue biopsy genotyping (TBG) or inappropriate systemic therapy such as immunotherapy for EGFR +NSCLC. RESULTS: A total of 138 patients were enrolled in the study with 38 excluded from the primary analysis (Squamous=16; SCLC = 22). Of patients that were eligible, LBG was completed in 100% (100/100). TBG was completed in 68% (68/100; insufficient tissue 20%; 20/100; declining ECOG PS 12%; 12/100). Repeat tissue biopsies were avoided in 12% (12/100) of patients due to available LBG reports. The median calendar days from LBG to receipt of genomic report was 21 days shorter for LBG (z=-6.8, p<0.01) versus TBG, as a median (range: 1-104 days). For evaluable paired cases with both TBG and LBG available (n=68), concordance was 90% (61/68). LBG resulted in detection of 5 actionable variants. LBG (euro1135) was less than half the cost of TBG (euro2404). LBG also resulted in overall cost savings of euro20,288 (reduced TBG; use of immunotherapy). CONCLUSIONS: LBG reduces the time to genomic diagnosis in patients with newly diagnosed NSCLC compared to tissue genotyping, identifies actionable variants not reported in tissue, and results in overall cost savings.
BACKGROUND: Next-generation sequencing (NGS) has been widely applied in clinical research, while its application in routine clinical molecular testing requires careful validation. The aim of our study was to assess the clinical usefulness of the NextDaySeq Lung panel on Ion Torrent PGM in mutation detection of actionable genes in lung cancer. METHODS: The NextDaySeq assay was evaluated by blinded comparisons to Quantitative Real-Time PCR (qPCR) assays with 188 consecutive samples from Chinese patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) to detect mutations in EGFR, KRAS, PIK3CA and BRAF. Discordant variants were further validated by Sanger sequencing and independent qPCR and NGS assays. RESULTS: Our results showed 93.3% concordance of reportable variants mutually covered in both NGS and qPCR assays, with a clinical sensitivity of 89.9%, specificity of 97.5%. Through the comparison, the NGS assays demonstrated its advantages in offering more clinical relevant information, such as detecting non-hotspot mutations and providing mutation allele frequencies (MAF) and accurate mutation sequences. The analytical sensitivity of NGS to detect mutations with low MAF needs further improvement. CONCLUSIONS: The NextDaySeq Lung panel exhibited good clinical performance, strongly supporting the implementation of the NGS assay in routine clinical use to facilitate therapeutic decision-making for lung cancer patients.
Loss of PTEN was recently shown to contribute to resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) in EGFR mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) through activation of the protein kinase AKT. We previously showed that downregulation of the expression of the antiapoptotic protein survivin by EGFR-TKIs contributes to EGFR-TKI-induced apoptosis in EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC cells. We have now investigated the role of survivin expression in EGFR-TKI resistance induced by PTEN loss. The EGFR-TKI erlotinib did not affect survivin expression or induce apoptosis in EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC cells with PTEN loss. Downregulation of survivin either by transfection with a specific short interfering RNA or by exposure to the small-molecule survivin suppressor YM155 reversed erlotinib resistance in such cells in vitro. Furthermore, combination therapy with YM155 and erlotinib inhibited the growth of tumors formed by EGFR mutation-positive, PTEN-deficient NSCLC cells in nude mice to a greater extent than did treatment with either drug alone. These results thus indicate that persistent activation of signaling by the AKT-survivin pathway induced by PTEN loss underlies a mechanism of resistance to erlotinib-induced apoptosis in EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC. They further suggest that the targeting of survivin has the potential to overcome EGFR-TKI resistance in EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC.
Prostate cancer is the most frequently diagnosed tumor in men and the second leading cause of cancer-associated mortality in most developed countries. 3,5-Diaryl substituted pyrazole derivatives (20-28) were prepared starting from related chalcones and biologically evaluated for in vitro growth inhibition activity against PC3 and DU145 human prostate cancer cell lines. Compounds 23, 26, and 28 were found to be more potent as compared to the other halogen-substituted derivatives. Especially, the 2-bromo-substituted pyrazole derivative (26) was found to be more potent against PC3 and DU145 cells. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2) are known to be expressed in DU145 and PC3 cancer cells. The binding mode of the most selective compound 26 toward EGFR and VEGFR2 was investigated by employing docking simulations based on GLIDE standard precision (-5.912 and -6.949 kcal/mol, respectively).
PURPOSE: Doublets of everolimus with letrozole or trastuzumab have demonstrated activity against HER2-positive breast cancer, suggesting that the triple combination can have synergistic anticancer activity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This first-in-human dose-escalation study (NCT02152943) enrolled patients with hormone receptor- positive, HER2-positive (defined by amplification, overexpression, or mutation) treatment-refractory advanced cancers to receive escalating doses (3+3 design) of daily oral letrozole (days 1-21), daily oral everolimus (days 1-21), and intravenous trastuzumab (day 1) every 21 days to determine dose-limiting toxicities (DLT) and MTD or recommended phase II dose (RP2D). RESULTS: A total of 32 patients with hormone receptor-positive, HER2-positive (amplification, n = 27; overexpression, n = 1; and mutation, n = 4) advanced breast cancer (n = 26) or other cancers (n = 6) were enrolled. The most frequent grade >/=3 adverse events included hyperglycemia (n = 4), anemia (n = 3), thrombocytopenia (n = 2), and mucositis (n = 2). DLTs included grade 3 mucositis and grade 4 neutropenia, and trastuzumab given as an 8 mg/kg loading dose on day 1 of cycle 1 followed by a 6 mg/kg maintenance dose on day 1 of subsequent cycles plus 10 mg everolimus daily and 2.5 mg letrozole daily every 21 days was declared as RP2D. Five patients with breast cancer (four with HER2 amplification and one with HER2 mutation) had partial responses. HER2 amplification in circulating cell-free DNA at baseline was associated with shorter progression-free and overall survival durations (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Everolimus, letrozole, and trastuzumab have a favorable safety profile and elicit encouraging signals of anticancer activity in patients with heavily pretreated hormone receptor- and HER2-positive advanced cancers.
PURPOSE: This study aimed to describe perioperative chemotherapy patterns, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) use, and febrile neutropenia (FN) status in patients with early breast cancer (EBC) using real-world data in Japan. METHODS: This retrospective observational study used anonymized claims data. The included patients were >/= 18 years old, were female, and had breast cancer diagnosis and surgery records between January 2010 and April 2020. Measures included perioperative chemotherapy, G-CSF use (daily and primary prophylaxis [PP]), and FN and FN-related hospitalization (FNH), all examined annually. Perioperative chemotherapy was examined separately for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive/negative (HER2+/-). A multivariate logistic regression was used to explore the factors associated with FNH. RESULTS: Of 32,597 patients, those with HER2 + EBC treated with anthracycline-based regimens followed by taxane + trastuzumab + pertuzumab increased since 2018, and those with HER2 - EBC treated with doxorubicin/epirubicin + cyclophosphamide followed by taxane and dose-dense regimens increased after 2014. The proportion of patients prescribed daily G-CSF declined after 2014, whereas that of pegfilgrastim PP increased. The incidence proportion of FN remained at approximately 24-31% from 2010 to 2020, while that of FNH declined from 14.5 to 4.0%. The odds of FNH were higher in those aged >/= 65 years and lower with pegfilgrastim PP administration. CONCLUSION: Despite the increasing use of escalated regimens in the last 5-6 years, FNH continuously declined, and the odds of FNH were lower among patients treated with pegfilgrastim PP. These results may suggest the contribution of PP in part to suppressing FNH levels over the last 5-6 years.
There is uncertainty regarding the usefulness of CDK4/6-inhibitor-based therapy for hormone receptor positive (HR+), human epidermal grow factor receptor 2 negative (HER2-), metastatic breast cancer (MBC), when CDK4/6 inhibitor treatment had previously failed. Furthermore, a biomarker for abemaciclib resistance has not been identified. Herein, we reported outcomes for an HR+/HER2- MBC patient diagnosed with multiple myeloma and treated with abemaciclib and exemestane, who had cancer progression after treatment with palbociclib and fulvestrant. Thalidomide was used in conjunction with all treatments. The patient had a good response to abemaciclib and exemestane, with progression-free survival much longer than previously reported. PIK3CA and TP53 mutations were identified after cancer progression following abemaciclib treatment. It is unclear whether thalidomide increased the effectiveness of abemaciclib. Whether benefit can be derived by the use of PI3K inhibitors, after cancer progression, requires further investigation, and this may be best accomplished by the use of next-generation sequencing.
ARID1A is a key component of the SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling complexes which is important for the maintaining of biological processes of cells. Recent studies had uncovered the potential role of ARID1A alterations or expression loss in the therapeutic sensitivity of cancers, but the studies in this field requires to be further summarized and discussed. Therefore, we proposed a series of mechanisms related to the resistance to EGFR-TKIs induced by ARID1A alterations or expression loss and the potential therapeutic strategies to overcome the resistance based on published studies. It suggested that ARID1A alterations or expression loss might be the regulators in PI3K/Akt, JAK/STAT and NF-kappaB signaling pathways which are strongly associated with the resistance to EGFR-TKIs in NSCLC patients harboring sensitive EGFR mutations. Besides, ARID1A alterations or expression loss could lead to the resistance to EGFR-TKIs via a variety of processes during the tumorigenesis and development of cancers, including epithelial to mesenchymal transition, angiogenesis and the inhibition of apoptosis. Based on the potential mechanisms related to ARID1A, we summarized that the small molecular inhibitors targeting ARID1A or PI3K/Akt pathway, the anti-angiogenic therapy and immune checkpoint inhibitors could be used for the supplementary treatment for EGFR-TKIs among NSCLC patients harboring the concomitant alterations of sensitive EGFR mutations and ARID1A.
The aim of this study was to explore prognostic factors for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with brain metastases (BM) on the basis of EGFR mutation status. Among 779 consecutive NSCLC patients who underwent EGFR mutation screening, all 197 patients with BM were divided according to the EGFR mutation status. The prognostic factors, including patient characteristics at the time of BM diagnosis, treatment history, and radiologic features, were analyzed. Of 197 patients with BM, 108 had wild-type EGFR and 89 had EGFR mutation. The patients with EGFR mutation presented longer overall survival after BM diagnosis (OS) than those with wild-type EGFR, regardless of whether BM was synchronous or metachronous. For the patients with EGFR mutation, favorable prognostic factors in multivariate analysis were age<65 (p=0.037), good performance status (PS) (p<0.0001), cranial radiotherapy (p=0.020), previous chemotherapy</=1 regimen (p=0.009), stable extracranial disease at BM diagnosis (p=0.022), and erlotinib therapy after BM diagnosis (p=0.0015). On the other hand, favorable prognostic factors for the patients with wild-type EGFR were only good PS (p=0.0037) and cranial radiotherapy (p=0.0005). Among patients treated with erlotinib after BM diagnosis, the patients with exon 19 deletion showed longer OS than those with exon 21 point mutation (p=0.019). The prognostic factors for NSCLC patients with BM were different according to the EGFR mutation status. Particularly in NSCLC patients with EGFR mutation and stable extracranial disease, regular cranial evaluation for detecting asymptomatic BM would lead to good prognosis. In addition, erlotinib therapy would be preferable in NSCLC patients with BM and EGFR mutation, especially those with exon 19 deletion.
BACKGROUND: U.S. regulatory approvals of the cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK 4/6) inhibitors ribociclib and palbociclib as add-ons to letrozole greatly enhance the prospects for treating postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal receptor 2-negative (HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Clinical trials have established that the combination of a CDK 4/6 inhibitor with letrozole can significantly improve progression-free survival (PFS) versus letrozole monotherapy and is safe and well tolerated. Cost-effectiveness studies are required to inform payers and clinical decision makers on the money value of combination treatment in clinical practice. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of ribociclib plus letrozole versus palbociclib plus letrozole and versus letrozole monotherapy in the first-line treatment of postmenopausal women with HR+/HER2- advanced or metastatic breast cancer from a U.S. private third-party payer perspective. METHODS: A partitioned survival model including 3 health states (progression free, with either overall response or stable disease; progressed disease; and death) simulated lifetime costs and outcomes over a 40-year lifetime horizon with a 1-month cycle length. Clinical efficacy data (PFS and overall survival [OS]) were derived from a phase III trial of ribociclib plus letrozole (MONALEESA-2; NCT01958021), a phase II trial of palbociclib plus letrozole (PALOMA-1; NCT00721409), and a Bayesian network meta-analysis. Health care costs included drug acquisition and monitoring, disease management, subsequent therapies, and serious drug-related adverse events. Effectiveness was measured in life-years, derived from survival projections, and in quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs), calculated from time spent in each state combined with health-state utility values. A one-way deterministic sensitivity analysis explored the impact of uncertainty in key model parameters on results, and probabilistic uncertainty was assessed through a Monte Carlo probabilistic sensitivity analysis. RESULTS: Ribociclib plus letrozole was dominant versus palbociclib plus letrozole, with a cost saving of $43,037 and a gain of 0.086 QALYs. Compared with letrozole monotherapy, ribociclib plus letrozole was associated with an incremental cost of $144,915 and an incremental QALY of 0.689, equating to an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of $210,369 per QALY. Key model drivers included OS HRs for palbociclib plus letrozole versus letrozole and for ribociclib plus letrozole versus letrozole, the PFS HR for palbociclib plus letrozole versus letrozole, PD health-state costs, utility of response, and cost discount rate. The probabilities that ribociclib plus letrozole was cost-effective versus letrozole at thresholds of $50,000, $100,000 and $200,000 per QALY gained were 1.6%, 6.3%, and 50.5%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In the United States, ribociclib plus letrozole is a cost-effective alternative to palbociclib plus letrozole for the first-line treatment of postmenopausal women with HR+/HER2- advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Ribociclib plus letrozole is also cost-effective versus letrozole monotherapy at willingness-to-pay thresholds greater than $198,000 per QALY (for probabilistic analysis). DISCLOSURES: Funding for this study was provided by Novartis, which manufactures ribociclib and provided input on the study design and data collection, analysis, and interpretation. Mistry, May, Suri, and Young are employees of PAREXEL. Tang, Mishra, D. Bhattacharyya, and Dalal are employees of Novartis. S. Bhattacharyya was an employee of Novartis during the study period. Tang and Dalal hold stock in Novartis. Brixner, Oderda, and Biskupiak were paid by Millcreek Outcomes Group as consultants for work on this project. Brixner has also consulted for AstraZeneca, UCB, Regeneron, and Abbott.
Adding trastuzumab to chemotherapy can prolong overall survival among women with metastatic or locally recurrent unresectable breast cancer that overexpresses HER-2 protein. Pertuzumab (Perjeta, Roche) is a monoclonal antibody that targets HER-2. It has a different binding site from that of trastuzumab, another anti-HER-2 antibody. Pertuzumab has been authorised in the European Union as an adjunct to the trastuzumab + docetaxel combination. A double-blind randomised placebo-controlled trial involving 808 carefully selected patients (including two men), followed for about 2.5 years, showed that the addition of pertuzumab to trastuzumab + docetaxel prolonged overall survival: it was estimated that the 3-year survival rate increased by 10% to 15%. Median progression-free survival was 6 months longer in the pertuzumab group. Addition of pertuzumab did not aggravate cardiac toxicity among patients with a low cardiovascular risk at baseline. In contrast, adding pertuzumab increased the incidence of potentially severe diarrhoea, mucocutaneous disorders (rash, dry skin, mucosal inflammation) and febrile neutropenia. In practice, these results are interesting but they must be confirmed in other comparative trials before recommending routine use of pertuzumab.
PURPOSE: Approximately 40% of HER2-positive breast cancer patients will develop brain metastases, usually during the first 2-3 years following initial diagnosis and up to 2 years after overt metastatic spread. However, there are no data about brain metastases development as a late disease relapse. In addition, there are no data whether the high incidence of brain metastases is maintained in patients with HER2 overexpression even in late brain metastases. The aim of this paper was to determine the incidence of brain metastases and the HER2 status in patients who developed late relapse, at least 5 years after the initial diagnosis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Among 384 consecutive breast cancer patients with late relapse, only 8 developed brain metastases. Archival pathological specimens of the primary tumors of those 8 patients were tested by immunohistochemistry (IHC) for HER2 status. RESULTS: The incidence of late brain metastases was 2% (8/384). None of these patients had HER2 3+ primary breast cancer. CONCLUSION: This study shows that the risk for brain metastases in HER2 3+ breast cancer patients is very low or might be even absent as a late relapse. Absence of late brain metastases in HER2 3+ breast cancer might be attributed to specific biological characteristics of HER2 3+ carcinomas to develop brain metastases mostly in the early course of metastatic disease.
Peptostreptococcus stomatis (P. stomatis) is enriched in colorectal cancer (CRC), but its causality and translational implications in CRC are unknown. Here, we show that P. stomatis accelerates colonic tumorigenesis in Apc(Min/+) and azoxymethane/dextran sodium sulfate (AOM-DSS) models by inducing cell proliferation, suppressing apoptosis, and impairing gut barrier function. P. stomatis adheres to CRC cells through its surface protein fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase (FBA) that binds to the integrin alpha6/beta4 receptor on CRC cells, leading to the activation of ERBB2 and the downstream MEK-ERK-p90 cascade. Blockade of the FBA-integrin alpha6/beta4 abolishes ERBB2-mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) activation and the protumorigenic effect of P. stomatis. P. stomatis-driven ERBB2 activation bypasses receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) blockade by EGFR inhibitors (cetuximab, erlotinib), leading to drug resistance in xenograft and spontaneous CRC models of KRAS-wild-type CRC. P. stomatis also abrogates BRAF inhibitor (vemurafenib) efficacy in BRAF(V600E)-mutant CRC xenografts. Thus, we identify P. stomatis as an oncogenic bacterium and a contributory factor for non-responsiveness to RTK inhibitors in CRC.
Osimertinib-a third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor-is recommended as adjuvant therapy for resected stage IB-IIIA epidermal growth factor receptor-mutated non-small-cell lung cancer, based on significant disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival improvement shown in the previously reported phase 3 ADAURA trial. A trend toward an increased DFS event rate after completion of 3 years adjuvant treatment in ADAURA suggests that some patients may benefit from longer adjuvant osimertinib treatment. We therefore explored whether tumor-informed, circulating tumor DNA-based, molecular residual disease (MRD) could predict recurrence in an exploratory post hoc analysis of 220 patients (n = 112 osimertinib; n = 108 placebo) from ADAURA. MRD preceded imaging DFS events in this study by a median of 4.7 (95% confidence interval, 2.2-5.6) months. DFS and MRD event-free rate at 36 months was 86% versus 36% for patients in the osimertinib versus placebo groups (hazard ratio, 0.23 (95% confidence interval, 0.15-0.36)). In the osimertinib group, DFS or MRD events were detected in 28 (25%) patients; most events occurred following osimertinib cessation (19 of 28, 68%) and within 12 months of stopping osimertinib (11 of 19, 58%). At 24 months after osimertinib, the DFS and MRD event-free rate was 66%. In this study, MRD preceded DFS events in most patients across both arms. DFS and MRD event-free status was maintained for most patients during adjuvant osimertinib treatment and posttreatment follow-up, with most MRD or DFS events occurring after osimertinib treatment discontinuation or completion. MRD detection could potentially identify patients who may benefit from longer adjuvant osimertinib, although this requires clinical confirmation. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02511106 .
BACKGROUND: Overcoming resistance of first-line third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remained a challenge. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of furmonertinib rechallenge and chemotherapy in this setting. METHODS: NSCLC patients receiving furmonertinib or chemotherapy after progression on first-line third-generation EGFR TKIs were included. Characteristics were used for propensity score matching through a multivariable logistic regression model. Objective response rates (ORR) and disease control rates (DCR) were compared using chi-squared test between the two groups in unmatched patients and McNemar test in matched patients. Kaplan-Meier curves of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were plotted. Hazard ratios (HR) for PFS were calculated using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Totally 97 patients were included (31 in the furmonertinib group and 66 in the chemotherapy group), and 28 pairs were matched. Most characteristics were well-balanced. In unmatched patients, ORR and DCR were similar in the two groups (both P > 0.05). Median PFS were 8.6 and 8.5 months (HR 1.02 [95% CI 0.60-1.74]; P = 0.948). Median OS were not reached and 32.0 months. In matched patients, ORR and DCR were also comparable (both P > 0.05). Median PFS for furmonertinib was numerically longer than that for chemotherapy (8.6 months vs 5.7 months; HR 0.67 [95% CI 0.35-1.28]; P = 0.223). Median OS were not reached. Furmonertinib also had superior safety profiles compared with chemotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Furmonertinib showed similar effectiveness and better safety compared with chemotherapy in NSCLC patients resistant to first-line third-generation EGFR TKIs. After matching, furmonertinib demonstrated numerically longer PFS than chemotherapy. Randomized controlled trials are warranted.
BACKGROUND: Resistance to chemotherapeutic agents is a major obstacle to cancer treatment. A group of ABC efflux pumps, the Multidrug Resistance Proteins, is a source of resistance. Herein, we investigated the role of ABCC10 in mammary tumours, given the important role we have defined for ABCC10 in transporting taxanes, and the recognition that some ABCC proteins have roles in tumour growth. METHODS: ABCC10 expression was correlated to human breast cancer subtype using breast tissue microarrays. Real-time quantitative PCR and western blot analysis were used to examine ABCC10 expression in human breast cancer lines. Abcc10(-/-) mice were crossed to MMTV-PyVmT mice to produce Abcc10(-/-) vs Abcc10(+/+) mammary tumours and derivative cell lines. We used allograft and cellular assays to perform baseline and drug sensitization analysis of tumours and cell lines. RESULTS: Clinical sample analyses indicated that ABCC10 was more highly expressed in Her2+ and ER+ than in Her2-, ER-, and triple-negative breast cancer. Unexpectedly, PyVmT; Abcc10(-/-) tumours grew more rapidly than PyVmT; Abcc10(+/+) tumours and were associated with significantly reduced apoptosis and metastasis. PyVmT; Abcc10(-/-) lines were less migratory than PyVmT; Abcc10(+/+) lines. Finally, we showed increased survival of docetaxel-treated MMTV-PyVmT; Abcc10(-/-) mice compared with wild-type mice. CONCLUSIONS: These data identify roles for Abcc10 in breast cancer pathogenesis and in vivo docetaxel resistance.
Background: Despite the paucity of evidence supporting chemotherapy in the treatment of node-negative, HER2-positive breast cancer measuring <2 cm, use of trastuzumab-based chemotherapy has increased over the past decade. Therefore, we used the National Cancer Database to evaluate the use and impact of chemotherapy on survival in this population. Methods: We identified female patients aged 18 to 70 years with node-negative, HER2-positive breast cancer measuring <2 cm. A propensity-matched cohort model was used to control for risk factors known to influence survival. Primary end points assessed were receipt of chemotherapy and overall survival (OS). Results: In our propensity-matched cohort model (n=8,222), adjuvant chemotherapy (ACT) was associated with a lower 5-year OS rate in T1mi breast cancer (n=626; 89.1% [95% CI, 81.8%-93.5%] vs 99.1% [96.6%-99.8%]), no significant effect in T1a disease (n=2,901; 95.4% [93.2%-96.9%] vs 96.9% [94.1%-98.3%]), and improved 5-year OS in T1b (n=2,340; 97.1% [95.1%-98.4%] vs 92.3% [88.5%-94.9%]) and T1c tumors (n=2,355; 95.9% [93.5%-97.5%] vs 91.5% [88.4%-93.9%]). In the entire cohort of 21,148 patients who met the inclusion criteria, ACT was associated with lower 5-year OS in T1mi (89.6% [83.7%-93.4%] vs 98.1% [96.6%-98.9%]) and T1a tumors (94.9% [92.9%-96.3%] vs 96.5% [94.6%-97.7%]), and improved 5-year OS in T1b (96.8% [95.6%-97.7%] vs 92.3% [88.7%-94.8%]) and T1c tumors (95.8% [94.9%-96.5%] vs 91.6% [88.5%-93.9%]). Increased use of ACT was observed over the study period. From 2010 to 2013, annual treatment rates were 71.5%, 72.4%, 73.3%, and 74.4%, respectively (trend test, P<.0001). Conclusions: Our data support the use of ACT for HER2-positive, node-negative T1b and T1c breast cancer, whereas no benefit was observed for ACT in T1mi and T1a HER2-positive, node-negative breast cancer. Although use of ACT is increasing in node-negative, HER2-positive breast cancer <2 cm, our findings caution against its use in the smallest of these tumors (T1mi and T1a) due to lack of survival benefit.
On April 16, 2010, the U. S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved erlotinib tablets (Tarceva(R); OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Melville, NY) for maintenance treatment of patients with stage IIIB/IV non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose disease had not progressed after four cycles of platinum-based first-line chemotherapy. In total, 889 patients received either erlotinib (150 mg) or placebo once daily. Progression-free survival (PFS), in all patients and in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)(+) tumors by immunohistochemistry (IHC), was the primary efficacy endpoint. Overall survival (OS) was a secondary sponsor endpoint but was the primary regulatory endpoint. Median PFS times were 2.8 months and 2.6 months in the erlotinib and placebo arms, respectively (hazard ratio [HR], 0.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.62-0.82; p < .001). Median OS times were 12.0 months and 11.0 months, favoring erlotinib (HR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.70-0.95). The PFS and OS HRs in patients with EGFR(+) tumors by IHC were 0.69 (95% CI, 0.58-0.82) and 0.77 (95% CI, 0.64-0.93), respectively. The PFS and OS HRs in patients with EGFR(-) tumors by IHC were 0.77 (95% CI, 0.51-1.14) and 0.91 (95% CI, 0.59-1.38), respectively. Following disease progression, 57% of placebo-treated patients received additional chemotherapy, compared with 47% of erlotinib-treated patients. Fourteen percent of placebo-treated patients received erlotinib or gefitinib, 31% received docetaxel, and 14% received pemetrexed. In total, 59% of placebo-treated patients who received treatment received FDA approved second-line NSCLC drugs. The most common adverse reactions in patients receiving erlotinib were rash and diarrhea.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) overexpressed in colorectal cancer (CRC) is a tumor target for developing the anti-tumor theranostic agents. Cetuximab, an anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody against EGFR-positive tumors, inhibits cell proliferation and growth was labeled with radioactive (111)indium ((111)In) in this study for diagnosing EGFR-positive CRC. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of noninvasive nuclear imaging agent (111)In-cetuximab and investigate the biological distribution of (111)In-cetuximab in the HCT-15-induced EGFR-positive CRC tumor xenografts. METHODS: We conjugated cetuximab with an isotope chelator, diethylene triamine penta acetic acid (DTPA), and consequently labeled cetuximab-DTPA with (111)In and measured the labeling efficacy by an instant thin layer chromatography (iTLC). Furthermore, the (111)In-cetuximab was investigated and compared for imaging small (50 mm(3)) and large (250 mm(3)) tumor of CRC xenografts, respectively. RESULTS: The conjugated ratio between cetuximab and DTPA was 1:6 measured by MALDI-TOF-MS. The better labeling concentration of cetuximab with 10 mCi of (111)In was calculated and experimented as 48 mug, resulting in labeling efficacy >80% detected by iTLC. The results revealed that the (111)In-cetuximab accumulated in the both sizes of tumors as a reliable noninvasive diagnostic agent, whereas the ratio of tumor to muscle in the large tumor was 7.5-fold. The biodistribution data indicated that the (111)In-cetuximab bound to tumor specifically that was higher than that in other organs. CONCLUSION: We suggested that the (111)In-cetuximab was potential for early diagnosis and prognostic monitor of EGFR-positive CRC in further clinical practice.
Lanthanide-doped upconverting nanoparticles (Ln-UCNPs) possess optical and physicochemical properties that are promising for the design of new theranostic platforms. This applies in particular to the treatment of cancer. Towards this goal, oleate-capped-NaLuF4:Tm3+(0.5%)/Yb3+(20%)/Gd3+(30%) with an average size of 35 nm +/- 2 nm were synthesized by co-precipitation. Due to their hydrophobic surface, these Ln-UCNPs produced agglomerates under cell culture conditions. To assess the cellular response to Ln-UCNPs at the molecular level, we evaluated several key aspects of tumor cell physiology. Using cancer lines of different origins, we demonstrated Ln-UCNP dependent changes of cancer cell biomarkers. Multiple cellular components that regulate tumorigenesis and cancer cell homeostasis were affected. In particular, Ln-UCNPs reduced the abundance of hsp70s, elevated DNA damage, and diminished nucleolin and B23/nucleophosmin, proteins required for the assembly of ribosomes. Treatment with Ln-UCNPs also decreased the concentration of paxillin, a focal adhesion protein that is involved in directed cell migration. Furthermore, epidermal growth factor (EGFR) levels were decreased by Ln-UCNPs for most cancer cell lines examined. Taken together, we identified several potential cancer cell targets that were affected by Ln-UCNPs. Our work thereby provides the foundation to optimize Ln-UCNPs for the targeted killing of tumor cells.
BACKGROUND: In hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative early stage breast cancer, cyclin-dependent kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibition in combination with endocrine therapy could represent an alternative to multiagent chemotherapy. We aimed to evaluate the biological and clinical activity of neoadjuvant ribociclib plus letrozole in the luminal B subtype of early stage breast cancer. METHODS: CORALLEEN is a parallel-arm, multicentre, randomised, open-label, phase 2 trial completed across 21 hospitals in Spain. We recruited postmenopausal women (>/=18 years) with stage I-IIIA hormone receptor-positive, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status 0-1, HER2-negative breast cancer and luminal B by PAM50 with histologically confirmed, operable primary tumour size of at least 2 cm in diameter as measured by MRI. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) using a web-based system and permuted blocks of 25 to receive either six 28-days cycles of ribociclib (oral 600 mg once daily for 3 weeks on, 1 week off) plus daily letrozole (oral 2.5 mg/day) or four cycles of doxorubicin (intravenous 60 mg/m(2)) and cyclophosphamide (intravenous 600 mg/m(2)) every 21 days followed by weekly paclitaxel (intravenous 80 mg/m(2)) for 12 weeks. The total duration of the neoadjuvant therapy was 24 weeks. Randomisation was stratified by tumour size and nodal involvement. Samples were prospectively collected at baseline (day 0), day 15, and surgery. The primary endpoint was to evaluate the proportion of patients with PAM50 low-risk-of-relapse (ROR) disease at surgery in the modified intention-to-treat population including all randomly assigned patients who received study drug and had a baseline and at least one post-baseline measurement of ROR score. The PAM50 ROR risk class integrated gene expression data, tumour size, and nodal status to define prognosis. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03248427. FINDINGS: Between July 27, 2017 to Dec 7, 2018, 106 patients were enrolled. At baseline, of the 106 patients, 92 (87%) patients had high ROR disease (44 [85%] of 52 in the ribociclib and letrozole group and 48 [89%] of 54 in the chemotherapy group) and 14 (13%) patients had intermediate-ROR disease (eight [15%] and six [11%]). Median follow-up was 200.0 days (IQR 191.2-206.0). At surgery, 23 (46.9%; 95% CI 32.5-61.7) of 49 patients in the ribociclib plus letrozole group and 24 (46.1%; 32.9-61.5) of 52 patients in the chemotherapy group were low-ROR. The most common grade 3-4 adverse events in the ribociclib plus letrozole group were neutropenia (22 [43%] of 51 patients) and elevated alanine aminotransferase concentrations (ten [20%]). The most common grade 3-4 adverse events in the chemotherapy group were neutropenia (31 [60%] of 52 patients) and febrile neutropenia (seven [13%]). No deaths were observed during the study in either group. INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that some patients with high-risk, early stage, hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer could achieve molecular downstaging of their disease with CDK4/6 inhibitor and endocrine therapy. FUNDING: Novartis, Nanostring, Breast Cancer Research Foundation-AACR Career Development Award.
Understanding interplay of breast cancer and microenvironment is critical. Here, we identified two transcriptomic subtypes and five immune infiltration patterns from RNA-seq and multiplex immunohistochemistry from 21 ER+/HER2- invasive lobular breast cancers. The proliferative subtype associated with increased immune infiltration especially by immunosuppressive regulatory T-cells and macrophages. We also defined a TAM-Low signature, which associated with lower infiltration of proliferative, pro-inflammatory TAM, and improved outcome in patients with ER+ tumors.
Non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC) account for 85 % of total lung cancers. Mutation in EGFRdrives the progress of NSCLSs with high mortality rate. Besides the common mutations in EGFR, which together comprise of 85 % of all EGFR mutations and respond to the targeted therapy of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), many other low-frequency mutations of EGFR are existed in patients. The oncogenic roles and sensitivity of these mutations to EGFR TKIs are not fully understood yet. Here we described two cases of lung adenocarcinoma patients harboring EGFR R776L missense mutation, showed PD and SD after treatment with third-generation EGFR inhibitor, Almonertinib. Chemotherapy afterward showed PR effect in one patient with PSF of 10 months. We also explored the oncogenic feature of single R776L mutation by Ba/F3 isogenic cells and found that, EGFR R776L mutation activates EGFR-related survival signaling pathway in Ba/F3 cells, and they are insensitive to gefitinib, afatinib, and Almonertinib, which consistent with our clinical observation.
A number of mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) have been identified that imparts resistance to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) in clinical and preclinical samples. Primary or acquired resistance to targeted therapy will eventually limit the clinical benefit of anticancer mAbs. The aim of the current study was to perform computational analysis to investigate the structural implications of the EGFR somatic mutations on its complexes with the four anti-EGFR mAbs (Cetuximab, Panitumumab, Necitumumab, and Matuzumab). Docking analysis and molecular dynamics (MD) simulations were performed to understand the plausible structural and dynamical implications caused by somatic mutations available in the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer database on the EGFR and anti-EGFR mAbs. We found that EGFR(S492R) and EGFR(V441I) in complex with Cetuximab, EGFR(R377S) and EGFR(S447Y) in complex with Panitumumab, and EGFR(V441I) in complex with Necitumumab have a weakest binding affinity in comparison to EGFR(WT) in complex with the relevant mAb. Taken together with the results obtained from docking analysis and MD simulations, the present findings may suggest that, the S492R and V441I mutations confer resistance to Cetuximab, R377S and S447Y mutations mediate resistance to Panitumumab and finally, V441I mutation also confers resistance to Necitumumab.
Cetuximab and osimertinib are epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) inhibitors used in the treatment of several malignancies. These agents have been associated with several skin lesions, the most common being papulopustular acneiform rash involving the face, neck, chest and back. Herein, we describe a unique toxic effect of these agents involving the fingertips and lateral aspects of fingers in a small patient series. The lesions presented approximately 4 weeks into treatment were cut-like and caused local discomfort/pain. Application of a colloidal solution allowed for partial resolution of these lesions in one patient, while discontinuation of the drug led to the disappearance of the lesions in another. Thus, we call for awareness of this unique skin toxicity with the use of EGFR inhibitors in patients with cancer.
Lung cancer remains one of the leading causes of death in humans. Gefitinib is an inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) commonly used to suppress tumour growth. However, constantly use of gefitinib results in drug-resistance, reduced efficacy and undesired side effects. To circumvent these drawbacks, targeted and photothermal therapies have emerged as effective strategies. Herein, we are first to adopt a black phosphorus (BP) nanoparticle-based novel delivering strategy by combining gefitinib and cancer cytomembrane to treat non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In these gefitinib-containing nano-carriers, cyanine 5 (Cy5) biotin-labelled BP was incorporated with cancer membrane and then consists of a nanomaterial (BPGM), which enabled to deliver gefitinib to the tumours effectively. The combination of BPGM showed reinforcing effects to suppress NSCLC cells and xenograft tumours without apparent adverse effects both in vitro and in vivo. BPGM facilitated the delivery of gefitinib to tumour tissue and extended its retention time within tumours. These studies thus suggest that BP may serve as novel delivery strategy for lung cancer.
Monoclonal antibodies (mAb) developed to target specific cancers have achieved considerable success to date. To further enhance therapeutic efficacy, monoclonal antibodies may be conjugated with a cytotoxic drug or radioisotope. We present the development of a new method based on site-specific conjugation (SSC) for targeting HER2. The study design involves a comparison of the accumulation of Ga-67-labeled anti-HER2 antibodies with SSC (SSC-mAb) versus conventional chemical conjugation (Chem-mAb) in HER2-positive tumors. In vitro, the HER2-binding capacity of SSC-mAb and Chem-mAb was comparable. However, in vitro, the rate of tumor accumulation increased gradually with SSC-mAb not only in the tumors but also in the blood and other organs. The SSC may improve targeted antigen-specific cancer radioimmunotherapy and may, due to higher retention, reduce the amount of treatment required.
BACKGROUND: To evaluate the diagnostic performance of radiomic signatures extracted from contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (CE-MRI) for the assessment of breast cancer receptor status and molecular subtypes. METHODS: One hundred and forty-three patients with biopsy-proven breast cancer who underwent CE-MRI at 3 T were included in this IRB-approved HIPAA-compliant retrospective study. The training dataset comprised 91 patients (luminal A, n = 49; luminal B, n = 8; HER2-enriched, n = 11; triple negative, n = 23), while the validation dataset comprised 52 patients from a second institution (luminal A, n = 17; luminal B, n = 17; triple negative, n = 18). Radiomic analysis of manually segmented tumors included calculation of features derived from the first-order histogram (HIS), co-occurrence matrix (COM), run-length matrix (RLM), absolute gradient (GRA), autoregressive model (ARM), discrete Haar wavelet transform (WAV), and lesion geometry (GEO). Fisher, probability of error and average correlation (POE + ACC), and mutual information coefficients were used for feature selection. Linear discriminant analysis followed by k-nearest neighbor classification (with leave-one-out cross-validation) was used for pairwise radiomic-based separation of receptor status and molecular subtypes. Histopathology served as the standard of reference. RESULTS: In the training dataset, radiomic signatures yielded the following accuracies > 80%: luminal B vs. luminal A, 84.2% (mainly based on COM features); luminal B vs. triple negative, 83.9% (mainly based on GEO features); luminal B vs. all others, 89% (mainly based on COM features); and HER2-enriched vs. all others, 81.3% (mainly based on COM features). Radiomic signatures were successfully validated in the separate validation dataset for luminal A vs. luminal B (79.4%) and luminal B vs. triple negative (77.1%). CONCLUSIONS: In this preliminary study, radiomic signatures with CE-MRI enable the assessment of breast cancer receptor status and molecular subtypes with high diagnostic accuracy. These results need to be confirmed in future larger studies.
PURPOSE: Tumor microenvironment (TME) immune markers have been correlated with both response to neoadjuvant therapy and prognosis in patients with breast cancer. Here, immune-cell activity of breast cancer tumors was inferred by expression-based analysis to determine if it is prognostic and/or predictive of response to neoadjuvant paclitaxel-based therapy in the GeparSepto (G7) trial (NCT01583426). EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Pre-study biopsies from 279 patients with HER2-negative breast cancer in the G7 trial underwent RNA-seq-based profiling of 104 immune-cell-specific genes to assess inferred Immune Cell Activity (iICA) of 23 immune-cell types. Hierarchical clustering was used to classify tumors as iICA "hot," "warm," or "cold" by comparison of iICA in the G7 cohort relative to that of 1,467 samples from a tumor database established by Nantomics LLC. Correlations between iICA cluster, pathology-assessed tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), and hormone receptor (HR) status for pathologic complete response (pCR), disease-free survival (DFS), and overall survival (OS) were determined. RESULTS: iICA cluster correlated with TIL levels. The highest pCR rates were observed in hot cluster tumors, and those with relatively higher TILs. Greater inferred activity of several T-cell types was significantly associated with pCR and survival. DFS and OS were prolonged in patients with hot or warm cluster tumors, the latter particularly for HR negative tumors, even if TILs were relatively low. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, TIL level better predicted pCR, but iICA cluster better predicted survival. Differences in associations between TILs, cluster, pCR, and survival were observed for HR-positive tumors versus HR-negative tumors, suggesting expanded study of the implication of these findings is warranted.
We report long-term results (median follow-up 12 years) of hypofractionated accelerated radiotherapy (HypoAR) in patients treated with breast-conserving surgery. In total, 367 women were treated with HypoAR. Axillary and supraclavicular area (ASA) were treated in patients with involved nodes. In total, 290 patients (scheme A) received 3.5 Gy/day x10 fractions (breast/ASA) followed by two 4 Gy fractions with electrons to the affected breast quadrant within 16 days. In total, 77 patients (Scheme B) received 2.7 Gy/day for 16 consecutive fractions (breast/ASA) within 22 days, while concurrently, the affected breast quadrant received an electron booster dose of 0.8 Gy for the first 13 fractions. Amifostine was offered to 252/367 patients. Early radiation toxicity was minimal. Regarding late toxicities, symptomatic breast edema was noted in 2.2%, asymptomatic breast fibrosis in 1.9%, and arm lymphedema in 3.7% of patients. Amifostine reduced early radiation dermatitis (p = 0.001). In total, 2.2% of patients developed contralateral breast and 1.6% other carcinomas. Locoregional recurrence (LR) occurred in 3.1% of patients (0% for in situ carcinomas). Positive margins after surgery, extracapsular node invasion, and HER2-enriched/triple-negative tumors were linked with significantly worse LR-free survival. The involvement of more than three nodes and luminal type other than A were independent prognostic variables of metastasis and death events. HypoAR delivering a biological dose of 50-52 Gy to the breast/ASA is a safe and effective therapy for patients treated with conservative surgery. The risk of carcinogenesis is low. Positive surgical margins, extracapsular node invasion, and HER2-enriched/triple-negative phenotypes appear as a cluster of features linked with a higher risk for locoregional relapse.
Few lung cancer-specific molecular markers have been established in regard of "early-stage" diagnosis and prognosis. In this study the proteome analysis of human lung squamous carcinoma (hLSC) was carried out using two strategies to explore the carcinogenic mechanisms and identify its molecular markers more directly and comprehensively. Comparative proteome analysis on 20 hLSC tissues and paired normal bronchial epithelial tissues revealed 76 differential proteins, among which 68 proteins were identified by PMF. The identified proteins fell into three categories: oncoproteins, cell cycle regulators and signaling molecules. To validate the identified differential proteins, the expressions levels of three differential proteins mdm2, c-jun and EGFR were determined by immunohistochemical staining and immunoblots. The results verified proteome analysis results. Serological proteome analysis (SERPA) of ten hLSC tissues was performed to identify the tumor-associated antigens. The results revealed 36 +/- 8 differential proteins reactive with patients' autologous sera, of which 14 proteins were identified. Six of the 14 proteins, alpha enolase, pre-B cell-enhancing factor precursor, triosephosphate isomerase, phosphoglycerate mutase 1, fructose-bisphosphate aldolase A, and guanine nucleotide-binding protein beta subunit-like protein, were also up-regulated in hLSCs in the comparative proteomic study, which suggests potential application of these 6 hLSC-associated antigens in diagnosis and therapy of hLSC.
Male breast cancer (MBC) is rare, accounting for less than 1% of all breast cancer but the incidence has increased worldwide. Risk factors include increased longevity, obesity, testicular diseases and tumours, and germline mutations of BRCA2. BRCA2 carriers have 80 times the risk of the general population. Men generally present with breast cancer at an older age compared with women. Histologically, MBC is often of grade 2, hormone receptor positive, HER2 negative, and no special type carcinoma although in situ and invasive papillary carcinomas are common. Reporting and staging are similar to female breast cancer. Metastatic lesions to the male breast do occur and should be differentiated from primary carcinomas. Until recently, MBC was thought to be similar to the usual ER positive post-menopausal female counterpart. However, advances in MBC research and trials have highlighted significant differences between the two. This review provides an up to date overview of the biology, genetics, and histology of MBC with comparison to female breast cancers and differential diagnosis from histological mimics.
The third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor osimertinib (OSI) has been approved as the first-line treatment for EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study aims to explore a rational combination strategy for enhancing the OSI efficacy. In this study, OSI induced higher CD47 expression, an important anti-phagocytic immune checkpoint, via the NF-kappaB pathway in EGFR-mutant NSCLC HCC827 and NCI-H1975 cells. The combination treatment of OSI and the anti-CD47 antibody exhibited dramatically increasing phagocytosis in HCC827 and NCI-H1975 cells, which highly relied on the antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis effect. Consistently, the enhanced phagocytosis index from combination treatment was reversed in CD47 knockout HCC827 cells. Meanwhile, combining the anti-CD47 antibody significantly augmented the anticancer effect of OSI in HCC827 xenograft mice model. Notably, OSI induced the surface exposure of "eat me" signal calreticulin and reduced the expression of immune-inhibitory receptor PD-L1 in cancer cells, which might contribute to the increased phagocytosis on cancer cells pretreated with OSI. In summary, these findings suggest the multidimensional regulation by OSI and encourage the further exploration of combining anti-CD47 antibody with OSI as a new strategy to enhance the anticancer efficacy in EGFR-mutant NSCLC with CD47 activation induced by OSI.
High-sensitivity flow cytometers have been developed for multi-parameter characterization of single extracellular vesicles (EVs), but performance varies among instruments and calibration methods. Here we compare the characterization of identical (split) EV samples derived from human colorectal cancer (DiFi) cells by three high-sensitivity flow cytometers, two commercial instruments, CytoFLEX/CellStream, and a custom single-molecule flow cytometer (SMFC). DiFi EVs were stained with the membrane dye di-8-ANEPPS and with PE-conjugated anti-EGFR or anti-tetraspanin (CD9/CD63/CD81) antibodies for estimation of EV size and surface protein copy numbers. The limits of detection (LODs) for immunofluorescence and vesicle size based on calibration using cross-calibrated, hard-dyed beads were  approximately 10 PE/ approximately 80 nm EV diameter for CytoFLEX and  approximately 10 PEs/ approximately 67 nm for CellStream. For the SMFC, the LOD for immunofluorescence was 1 PE and </= 35 nm for size. The population of EVs detected by each system (di-8-ANEPPS(+)/PE(+) particles) differed widely depending on the LOD of the system; for example, CellStream/CytoFLEX detected only 5.7% and 1.5% of the tetraspanin-labelled EVs detected by SMFC, respectively, and median EV diameter and antibody copy numbers were much larger for CellStream/CytoFLEX than for SMFC as measured and validated using super-resolution/single-molecule TIRF microscopy. To obtain a dataset representing a common EV population analysed by all three platforms, we filtered out SMFC and CellStream measurements for EVs below the CytoFLEX LODs as determined by bead calibration (10 PE/80 nm). The inter-platform agreement using this filtered dataset was significantly better than for the unfiltered dataset, but even better concordance between results was obtained by applying higher cutoffs (21 PE/120 nm) determined by threshold analysis using the SMFC data. The results demonstrate the impact of specifying LODs to define the EV population analysed on inter-instrument reproducibility in EV flow cytometry studies, and the utility of threshold analysis of SMFC data for providing semi-quantitative LOD values for other flow cytometers.
Correlations between increasing concentrations of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) in plasma and disease progression have been shown. A nonlinear mixed effects model to describe the dynamics of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ctDNA data from patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) combined with a parametric survival model were developed to evaluate the ability of these modeling techniques to describe ctDNA data. Repeated ctDNA measurements on L858R, exon19del, and T790M mutants were available from 54 patients with EGFR mutated NSCLC treated with erlotinib or gefitinib. Different dynamic models were tested to describe the longitudinal ctDNA concentrations of the driver and resistance mutations. Subsequently, a parametric time-to-event model for progression-free survival (PFS) was developed. Predicted L858R, exon19del, and T790M concentrations were used to evaluate their value as predictor for disease progression. The ctDNA dynamics were best described by a model consisting of a zero-order increase and first-order elimination (19.7/day, 95% confidence interval [CI] 14.9-23.6/day) of ctDNA concentrations. In addition, time-dependent development of resistance (5.0 x 10(-4) , 95% CI 2.0 x 10(-4) -7.0 x 10(-4) /day) was included in the final model. Relative change in L858R and exon19del concentrations from baseline was identified as most significant predictor of disease progression (p = 0.001). The dynamic model for L858R, exon19del, and T790M concentrations in ctDNA and time-to-event model adequately described the observed concentrations and PFS data in our clinical cohort. In addition, it was shown that nonlinear mixed effects modeling is a valuable method for the analysis of longitudinal and heterogeneous biomarker datasets obtained from clinical practice.
Dysregulational EGFR, KRAS, and mTOR pathways cause metabolic reprogramming, leading to progression of gastric cancer. Afatinib (Afa) is a broad-spectrum tyrosine kinase inhibitor that reduces cancer growth by blocking the EGFR family. MicroRNA 125 (miR-125) reportedly diminishes EGFRs, glycolysis, and anti-apoptosis. Here, a one-shot formulation of miR-125 and Afa was presented for the first time. The formulation comprised solid lipid nanoparticles modified with mitochondrial targeting peptide and EGFR-directed ligand to suppress pan-ErbB-facilitated epithelial-mesenchymal transition and mTOR-mediated metabolism discoordination of glycolysis-glutaminolysis-lipids. Results showed that this cotreatment modulated numerous critical proteins, such as EGFR/HER2/HER3, Kras/ERK/Vimentin, and mTOR/HIF1-alpha/HK2/LDHA pathways of gastric adenocarcinoma AGS cells. The combinatorial therapy suppressed glutaminolysis, glycolysis, mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation, and fatty acid synthesis. The cotreatment also notably decreased the levels of lactate, acetyl-CoA, and ATP. The active involvement of mitophagy supported the direction of promoting the apoptosis of AGS cells, which subsequently caused the breakdown of tumor-cell homeostasis and death. In vivo findings in AGS-bearing mice confirmed the superiority of the anti-tumor efficacy and safety of this combination nanomedicine over other formulations. This one-shot formulation disturbed the metabolic reprogramming; alleviated the "Warburg effect" of tumors; interrupted the supply of fatty acid, cholesterol, and triglyceride; and exacerbated the energy depletion in the tumor microenvironment, thereby inhibiting tumor proliferation and aggressiveness. Collectively, the results showed that the two-in-one nanoparticle formulation of miR-125 and Afa was a breakthrough in simplifying drug preparation and administration, as well as effectively inhibiting tumor progression through the versatile targeting of pan-ErbB- and mTOR-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction and dysregulated metabolism.
Abemaciclib significantly improves invasive disease-free survival when combined with endocrine therapy in clinical high-risk patients with HR+/Her2- early breast cancer (eBC). The objective of the following study was to model how many patients with eBC would be available for adjuvant treatment with abemaciclib in a real-world setting. Patients that underwent complete surgical treatment for eBC between January 2018 and December 2020 in a large single-center university hospital in Germany were eligible. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the patient population that could benefit from abemaciclib according to the inclusion criteria of monarchE. Of 1474 patients with eBC, 1121 (76.1%) had a HR+/Her2- subtype. Of these, 217 (19.4%) fulfilled the monarchE inclusion criteria. Within patients that fulfilled the monarchE inclusion criteria, 48.9% received no adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Thus, in a real-world situation, fewer patients will be pretreated with chemotherapy than was the case in monarchE. Breast care units are facing a significant patient burden, since the 2-year abemaciclib therapy requires regular monitoring of toxicities. Specific care concepts to strengthen therapy adherence as well as further studies to deescalate adjuvant systemic treatment and individualize CDK 4/6 inhibitor therapy are therefore needed.
Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) have experienced a surge in clinical approvals in the past five years. Despite this success, a major limitation to ADC efficacy in solid tumors is poor tumor penetration, which leaves many cancer cells untargeted. Increasing antibody doses or co-administering ADC with an unconjugated antibody can improve tumor penetration and increase efficacy when target receptor expression is high. However, it can also reduce efficacy in low-expression tumors where ADC delivery is limited by cellular uptake. This creates an intrinsic problem because many patients express different levels of target between tumors and even within the same tumor. Here, we generated High-Avidity, Low-Affinity (HALA) antibodies that can automatically tune the cellular ADC delivery to match the local expression level. Using HER2 ADCs as a model, HALA antibodies were identified with the desired HER2 expression-dependent competitive binding with ADCs in vitro. Multi-scale distribution of trastuzumab emtansine and trastuzumab deruxtecan co-administered with the HALA antibody were analyzed in vivo, revealing that the HALA antibody increased ADC tumor penetration in high-expression systems with minimal reduction in ADC uptake in low-expression tumors. This translated to greater ADC efficacy in immunodeficient mouse models across a range of HER2 expression levels. Furthermore, Fc-enhanced HALA antibodies showed improved Fc-effector function at both high and low expression levels and elicited a strong response in an immunocompetent mouse model. These results demonstrate that HALA antibodies can expand treatment ranges beyond high expression targets and leverage strong immune responses.
BACKGROUND: Trastuzumab has been prevailingly accepted as a beneficial treatment for gastric cancer (GC) by targeting human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive. However, the therapeutic resistance of trastuzumab remains a major obstacle, restricting the therapeutic efficacy. Therefore, identifying potential key genes and pathways is crucial to maximize the overall clinical benefits. METHODS: The gene expression profile GSE77346 was retrieved to identify the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) associated with the trastuzumab resistance in GC. Next, the DEGs were annotated by the gene ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways. The DEGs-coded protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks and the prognostic values of the 20 hub genes were determined. Correlation of the hub genes were analyzed in The Cancer Genome Atlas. The prognostic values of hub genes were further validated by Kaplan-Meier (KM) plotter. RESULTS: A total of 849 DEGs were identified, with 374 in upregulation and 475 in downregulation. Epithelium development was the most significantly enriched term in biological processes while membrane-bounded vesicle was in cellular compartments and cell adhesion molecular binding was in molecular functions. Pathways in cancer and ECM-receptor interaction were the most significantly enriched for all DEGs. Among the PPI networks, 20 hub genes were defined, including CD44 molecule (CD44), HER-2, and cadherin 1 (CDH1). Six hub genes were associated with favorable OS while eight were associated with poor OS. Mechanistically, 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 1, 3 (OAS1, OAS3) and CDH1 featured high degrees and strong correlations with other hub genes. CONCLUSIONS: This bioinformatics analysis identified key genes and pathways for potential targets and survival predictors for trastuzumab treatment in GC.
In this study, we evaluated the concordance of targeted sequencing between paired ctDNA and matched tumor samples from early breast cancers treated with curative intention. Molecular profiling was performed using the Oncomine Comprehensive Assay v3 and the Oncomine Breast cfDNA Assay v2. The liquid biopsy detection rate was 39% (all-stage breast cancers, n = 612). Among 246 early-stage patients assayed for both ctDNA and matched tumor, the cfDNA assay detected 73 (29.6%) and the comprehensive assay detected 201 (81.7%) breast cancers with at least one alteration (chi(2) test, p = 0.001). In total, 67 (25.6%) cases tested positive on both platforms, while the cfDNA and comprehensive assays detected an additional 10 (4%) and 138 (56%) cases, respectively. The most prevalent mutant genes were TP53 (68.3%) and KRAS (53.5%), while the PIK3CA (39.4%), AKT1 (45.9%), and ERBB2 (17.1%) mutations constituted biomarkers for FDA-approved therapeutics. Our study showed that tumor tissue should be the source of actionable mutation detection for early breast cancers, considering that the concordance rate between tumor and liquid biopsy was only one-quarter.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (ErbB2/HER2) is a tyrosine kinase receptor that is overexpressed in 25% of primary human breast cancers, as well as in multiple other cancers. HER2-targeted therapies improved progression-free and overall survival in patients with HER2(+) breast cancers. However, associated resistance mechanisms and toxicity highlight the need for new therapeutic approaches for these cancers. We recently established that, in normal cells, HER2 is stabilized in a catalytically repressed state by direct interaction with members of the ezrin/radixin/moesin (ERM) family. In HER2-overexpressing tumors, the low expression of moesin contributes to the aberrant activation of HER2. Through a screen designed to find moesin-mimicking compounds, we identified ebselen oxide. We show that ebselen oxide, and some derivatives, conferred an efficient allosteric inhibition of overexpressed HER2, as well as mutated and truncated oncogenic forms of HER2, which are resistant to current therapies. Ebselen oxide selectively inhibited anchorage-dependent and -independent proliferation of HER2(+) cancer cells and showed a significant benefit in combination with current anti-HER2 therapeutic agents. Finally, ebselen oxide significantly blocked HER2(+) breast tumor progression in vivo. Collectively, these data provide evidence that ebselen oxide is a newly identified allosteric inhibitor of HER2 to be considered for therapeutic intervention on HER2(+) cancers.
While localized penile cancers are typically treated surgically and metastatic penile cancers benefit from standard chemotherapy, there have been studies on the horizon demonstrating immunotherapy as a novel approach to metastatic penile cancers that have failed standard chemotherapy. We report a case series of two patients who improved on immunotherapy after progressing with standard chemotherapy regimens. The first case describes a 64-year-old male with a penile mass and significant lymphadenopathy who had surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy prior to continued disease progression. He was started on anti-EGFR treatment and improved initially, but he eventually had progression of disease. The second case describes a 79-year-old male with a penile mass who was treated with surgical resection and started on adjuvant chemoradiation, but he developed recurrence and nodal involvement. Therefore, second-line therapy of the PD-L1 inhibitor was started in this patient. There were no available clinical trials for penile cancer patients who progressed beyond the standard surgical therapy and chemotherapy.
Development is governed by a few conserved signalling pathways. Amongst them, the EGFR pathway is used reiteratively for organ and tissue formation, and when dysregulated can lead to cancer and metastasis. Given its relevance, identifying its downstream molecular machinery and understanding how it instructs cellular changes is crucial. Here we approach this issue in the respiratory system of Drosophila. We identify a new role for EGFR restricting the elongation of the tracheal Dorsal Trunk. We find that EGFR regulates the apical determinant Crb and the extracellular matrix regulator Serp, two factors previously known to control tube length. EGFR regulates the organisation of endosomes in which Crb and Serp proteins are loaded. Our results are consistent with a role of EGFR in regulating Retromer/WASH recycling routes. Furthermore, we provide new insights into Crb trafficking and recycling during organ formation. Our work connects cell signalling, trafficking mechanisms and morphogenesis and suggests that the regulation of cargo trafficking can be a general outcome of EGFR activation.
Epithelial cell adhesion molecule (Ep-CAM) recently received increased attention as a prognostic factor in breast cancer. We aimed to validate the influence of Ep-CAM RNA expression in untreated node-negative breast cancer. Ep-CAM RNA expression was evaluated utilizing microarray-based gene-expression profiling in 194 consecutive node-negative breast cancer patients with long-term follow-up not treated in the adjuvant setting. The prognostic significance of Ep-CAM RNA expression for disease-free survival (DFS), metastasis-free survival (MFS), and breast cancer-specific overall survival (OS) was evaluated in univariate and multivariate analysis adjusted for age, grading, pTstage, ER as well as PR receptor and HER-2 status. Additionally, Ep-CAM RNA expression was compared with immunohistochemistry (IHC) for Ep-CAM in 194 patients. The prognostic impact of Ep-CAM gene expression was validated in further 588 node-negative breast cancer patients. Levels of Ep-CAM RNA expression showed a significant correlation with IHC (P = 0.001) and predicted in univariate analysis DFS (P = 0.001, HR = 2.4), MFS (P = 0.003, HR = 2.5), and OS (P = 0.002, HR = 3.1) accurately. The prognostic influence of Ep-CAM RNA was significant also in multivariate analysis for DFS (P = 0.017, HR = 2.0), MFS (P = 0.049, HR = 1.9), and OS (P = 0.042, HR = 2.3), respectively. The association with MFS was confirmed in an independent validation cohort in univariate (P = 0.006, HR = 1.9) and multivariate (P = 0.035, HR = 1.7) analysis. Ep-CAM RNA correlated with the proliferation metagene (P < 0.001, R=0.425) Nevertheless, in multivariate analysis, Ep-CAM was associated with MFS independent from the proliferation metagene (P = 0.030, HR = 1.8). In conclusion, Ep-CAM RNA expression is associated with poor MFS in three cohorts of untreated node-negative breast cancer.
PURPOSE: The clinical benefits of pyrotinib plus taxanes or vinorelbine have not been studied systemically. Consequently, we conducted a prospective evaluation to assess the efficacy and safety of pyrotinib plus taxanes or vinorelbine in patients with human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC). METHODS: Patients with HER2-positive MBC were included to receive pyrotinib combined with taxanes or vinorelbine in Jiangsu Cancer Hospital. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS), and the secondary endpoints were objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), clinical benefit rate (CBR), and adverse effects (AEs). RESULTS: Between December 22, 2020 and January 11, 2023, a total of 101 patients were assigned to pyrotinib plus taxanes (n = 83) and pyrotinib plus vinorelbine (n = 18) groups. As of May 24, 2023, the median PFS for all patients was 11.5 months (95% confidence interval [CI], 8.8-15.7). The median PFS was significantly longer in pyrotinib plus taxanes group than in pyrotinib plus vinorelbine group (median PFS, 12.2 months [95% CI, 9.2-18.6] vs. 8.4 months [95% CI, 5.5-13.7]; P = .005). All the treatment-related side effects were tolerated. The most frequent grade 3 or 4 side effects included diarrhea (22.8%), leukopenia (19.5%), and neutropenia (18.2%). CONCLUSION: Pyrotinib plus taxanes could be an alternative or even the preferred treatment strategy for patients with HER2-positive MBC after trastuzumab and small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). We also suggest that pyrotinib combined with vinorelbine has a therapeutic potential. REGISTRATION: This trial was registered in Chinese Clinical Trial Registry. URL: https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.html?proj=65697 (ChiCTR2000041217).
TUC338 is emerging as a novel vital long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) in human cancer; however, its role in diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) remains unknown. In this study, we found that TUC338 was remarkably upregulated in DLBCL tissues as compared to matched normal tissues. High TUC338 was closely related to advanced Ann Arbor stage, resistance to CHOP-like treatment, and high IPI (International Prognostic Index). Stable knockdown of TUC338 evidently inhibited cell proliferation and chemotherapy resistance to Adriamycin and induced apoptosis. Further, we found that TUC338 was able to directly bind to miR-28-5p and increased EGFR level, resulting in activating carcinogenic PI3K/AKT signaling, thereby facilitating DLBCL uncontrolled growth. Moreover, we also found that depletion of TUC338 led to the inactivation of EGFR/PI3K/AKT pathway in vivo by using the xenograft tumor model. Preclinically, DLBCL patients with high TUC338 had shorter survival time than those with low TUC338, and serum TUC338 level was identified as an excellent indicator for DLBCL diagnosis. In sum, our findings clearly indicate that TUC338 functions as an oncogenic lncRNA in DLBCL through activating EGFR/PI3K/AKT pathway via sponging and inhibiting miR-28-5p, which may be a promising target for DLBCL treatment.
BACKGROUND: Gene transcription patterns associated with activation of oncogenes Myc, c-Src, beta-catenin, E2F3, H-Ras, HER2, EGFR, MEK, Raf, MAPK, Akt, and cyclin D1, as well as of the cell cycle and of androgen signaling have been generated in previous studies using experimental models. It was not clear whether genes in these "oncogenic signatures" would show coordinate expression patterns in human prostate tumors, particularly as most of the signatures were derived from cell types other than prostate. PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: The above oncogenic pathway signatures were examined in four different gene expression profile datasets of human prostate tumors (representing approximately 250 patients in all), using both Q1-Q2 and one-sided Fisher's exact enrichment analysis methods. A significant fraction (approximately 5%) of genes up-regulated experimentally by Myc, c-Src, HER2, Akt, or androgen were co-expressed in human tumors with the oncogene or biomarker corresponding to the pathway signature. Genes down-regulated experimentally, however, did not show anticipated patterns of anti-enrichment in the human tumors. CONCLUSIONS: Significant subsets of the genes in these experimentally-derived oncogenic signatures are relevant to the study of human prostate cancer. Both molecular biologists and clinical researchers could focus attention on the relatively small number of genes identified here as having coordinate patterns that arise from both the experimental system and the human disease system.
PURPOSE: Cancer remains a major global cause of death, with rising incidence influenced by environmental factors. The THOC5 gene, part of the THO complex, has emerged as a potential regulator in cancer biology. This study investigates THOC5 expression across various cancers, its role in prognosis, and its potential therapeutic implications, particularly in liver hepatocellular carcinoma (LIHC). METHODS: We analyzed THOC5 expression and its prognostic significance across various cancer types using globally available public datasets. Single-cell RNA sequencing, in-house RNA-seq, immunohistochemistry, and proteomic analysis were employed to further validate THOC5 expression and prognosis in LIHC. Functional assays, including wound-healing and Transwell migration, were performed following THOC5 knockdown in LIHC cell lines. A drug sensitivity analysis was performed to identify therapeutic agents associated with THOC5 expression levels. RESULTS: Results indicate that THOC5 is overexpressed in various cancers and correlates with unfavorable prognosis. In LIHC, both THOC5 mRNA and protein was confirmed to be overexpressed in LIHC elevated THOC5 correlated with advanced tumor stages and poor survival outcomes. THOC5 knockdown suppressed in vitro cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Additionally, high THOC5 expression was linked to increased immune cell infiltration and enhanced sensitivity to certain chemotherapy agents, though it predicted poor response to immune checkpoint blockade therapy. Furthermore, high THOC5 was also indicated to activate several tumor signaling pathways, such as EGFR, Hypoxia and MAPK pathways. CONCLUSION: THOC5 could be a prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target in LIHC and various cancers, providing alternative treatment options when immunotherapy fails.
Leptomeningeal carcinomatosis (LC) is an uncommon sequelae of non-small cell lung cancer. The treatment modalities for LC have historically been limited with an overall poor prognosis. This case report outlines a 76-year-old female who presented with recurrence of non-small cell lung cancer as LC. LC is difficult to treat, and options include radiation, chemotherapy (systemic and intrathecal), as well as targeted therapies. This case outlines a unique approach and reviews the current literature on the effectiveness of these options in non-small cell lung cancer.
AIM: A confirmed wild-type RAS tumor status is commonly required for prescribing anti-EGFR treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer. This noninterventional, observational research project estimated RAS mutation prevalence from real-world sources. MATERIALS & METHODS: Aggregate RAS mutation data were collected from 12 sources in three regions. Each source was analyzed separately; pooled prevalence estimates were then derived from meta-analyses. RESULTS: The pooled RAS mutation prevalence from 4431 tumor samples tested for RAS mutation status was estimated to be 43.6% (95% CI: 38.8-48.5%); ranging from 33.7% (95% CI: 28.4-39.3%) to 54.1% (95% CI: 51.7-56.5%) between sources. CONCLUSION: The RAS mutation prevalence estimates varied among sources. The reasons for this are not clear and highlight the need for further research.
Targeted treatments have generated a lot of hope and hype in the treatment of gastrointestinal tumours. Indeed, the introduction of targeted treatments particularly for colorectal cancer has resulted in substantial improvements in tumour response and progression-free survival of patients. However, it is not fully understood how these agents act in patients, and the preclinical models are not appropriate to predict clinical efficacy. Here the current state of targeted treatments in colorectal cancer is reviewed, focusing on antiepidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and antiangiogenic strategies, describing how these agents fit into the therapeutic algorithm of this disease and discussing current understanding of the mechanism of action, biomarkers as well as future therapeutic strategies targeting multiple signalling pathways in colorectal cancer.
It was previously revealed that Wnt signaling is activated in mesothelioma cells. Although epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is expressed in mesothelioma cells, EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are not effective for mesothelioma treatment. However, in non-small cell lung cancer, the blocking of Wnt signaling has been identified to enhance the anticancer effect of EGFR-TKIs. To confirm the anticancer effect of blocking Wnt signaling in combination with EGFR-TKI treatment in mesothelioma, the present study evaluated the effect of simultaneous suppression of human dishevelled-3 (Dvl-3) expression with Dvl-3 small interfering RNA (siRNA) and of EGFR inhibition with gefitinib on mesothelioma cell viability. Mesothelioma cell lines with and without beta-catenin gene expression were transfected with Dvl-3 siRNA and were cultured with gefitinib, and cell viability, colony formation and cell cycle analyses were performed. Dvl-3 siRNA downregulated the expression of Dvl-3 in mesothelioma cells. The combination of Dvl-3 siRNA with gefitinib acted synergistically to induce concomitant suppression of cell viability and colony formation, suggesting that inhibition of Wnt signaling by downregulating Dvl-3 with siRNA and inhibiting EGFR with gefitinib leads to significant antitumor effects.
BACKGROUND: We reported the results of an Italian large retrospective analysis that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of T-DM1 in 'field-practice' breast cancer patients. We performed a sub-analysis to investigate the clinical activity of T-DM1 in patients with brain metastases (BMs). METHODS: The records of 87 adult women with HER2-positive breast cancer and BMs treated with T-DM1 were reviewed. Their clinical outcomes were compared with those of 216 patients without central nervous system (CNS) involvement. RESULTS: Response to T-DM1 treatment in BMs was available for 53 patients in the BM group (60.9%): two patients reported a complete response (3.8%), 11 patients obtained partial response (20.7%; overall response rate: 24.5%), 16 patients had a stable disease (30.1%). Regarding extracranial disease, a total of 77 and 191 patients were evaluable for response in BM group and non-BM group, respectively. The overall response rate was 35.1% in the BM group and 38.3% in the non-BM group; disease control rate was 53.3% and 66.6%, respectively. At a median follow-up of 16 months (range: 1-55), median cumulative progression-free survival (PFS) was 7 months (95% CI: 5.4-8.6) in the BM group and 8 months (95% CI: 5.7-10.3) in the non-BM group. In the second-line setting, PFS was 5 (95% CI: 3.1-6.9) versus 11 (95% CI: 7.1-14.9) months (p=0.01). Overall survival was 14 months (95% CI: 12.2-15.8) in the BM group and 32 months (95% CI: 24.4-39.6) in the non-BM group (p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: T-DM1 is active in breast cancer patients with BMs.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common form of lung cancer. Despite the existence of various therapeutic options, NSCLC is still a major health concern due to its aggressive nature and high mutation rate. Consequently, HER3 has been selected as a target protein along with EGFR because of its limited tyrosine kinase activity and ability to activate PI3/AKT pathway responsible for therapy failure. We herein used a BioSolveIT suite to identify potent inhibitors of EGFR and HER3. The schematic process involves screening of databases for constructing compound library comprising of 903 synthetic compounds (602 for EGFR and 301 for HER3) followed by pharmacophore modeling. The best docked poses of compounds with the druggable binding site of respective proteins were selected according to pharmacophore designed by SeeSAR version 12.1.0. Subsequently, preclinical analysis was performed via an online server SwissADME and potent inhibitors were selected. Compound 4k and 4m were the most potent inhibitors of EGFR while 7x effectively inhibited the binding site of HER3. The binding energies of 4k, 4m, and 7x were -7.7, -6.3 and -5.7 kcal/mol, respectively. Collectively, 4k, 4m and 7x showed favorable interactions with the most druggable binding sites of their respective proteins. Finally, in silico pre-clinical testing by SwissADME validated the non-toxic nature of compounds 4k, 4m and 7x providing a promising treatment option for chemoresistant NSCLC.
We review the use of anthracyclines, their associated cardiotoxicity, and the role of taxanes in the treatment of early breast cancer. The efficacy of anthracyclines has been proven in multiple large cohort trials and meta-analyses. The addition of a taxane to an anthracycline-based regimen in the adjuvant setting has improved the disease-free survival and overall survival in patients with early breast cancer. The use of the monoclonal antibody trastuzumab combined with an anthracycline and taxane regimen has had significant benefit both in disease-free survival and overall survival in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2(HER2)-positive disease. However, the development of significant cardiotoxicity related to anthracyclines and the emergence of newer agents that appear to limit the cardiotoxicity but with similar anticancer efficacy have called the role of anthracyclines into doubt. Taxane/trastuzumab-based chemotherapy without anthracyclines is now a widely accepted adjuvant regimen in patients with HER2-positive early breast cancer. Indeed, the use of taxanes in early breast cancer has overtaken the use of anthracyclines, particularly in women with HER2-positive breast cancer. Concerns regarding anthracycline cardiotoxicity and positive data from taxane-based regimens likely have contributed to this change in practice. Ongoing trials will determine whether taxane-based chemotherapy has equivalent efficacy to anthracycline-based regimens in adjuvant therapy of HER2-negative early breast cancer. Moving forward, the use of anthracyclines as initial chemotherapy in early breast cancer may continue to be replaced by taxane-based and novel regimens in the future.
INTRODUCTION: Evaluation of EGFR Mutation status for the administration of EGFR-TKIs in non-small cell lung Carcinoma (ERMETIC) was a prospective study designed to validate the prognostic value of EGFR/KRAS mutations in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), all receiving a first-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitor, erlotinib. ERMETIC2 was an ancillary project evaluating the clinical value of common EGFR/KRAS-mutated subclones regarding prognosis using highly sensitive molecular detection methods. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Tumor samples from 228 patients with NSCLC (59% adenocarcinoma, 37% women, and 19% never/former smokers) were available for reanalysis using alternative highly sensitive molecular techniques. A multivariate Cox model was used for prognostic analysis. RESULTS: Using alternative highly sensitive techniques, 16 EGFR and 51 KRAS supplementary mutations were newly identified, all still exclusive, leading to an overall rate of 12.3% (n = 28) and 33.3% (n = 76), respectively. Using real-time polymerase chain reaction (hybridization probe), they were significantly associated with progression-free survival (P = .02) and overall survival (OS) (P = .01), which were better for EGFR-mutated patients for progression-free survival (hazard ratio [HR], 0.46; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28-0.78) and OS (HR, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.31-1), and worse for KRAS mutations and OS (HR, 1.63; 95% CI, 1.09-2.44). Using the most sensitive technique detection for KRAS-clamp polymerase chain reaction-KRAS mutated subclones did not impact OS. CONCLUSIONS: KRAS and EGFR mutations were detected in higher proportions by alternative highly sensitive molecular techniques compared with direct Sanger sequencing. However, minor KRAS-mutated subclones offered no prognostic value when representing less than 1% of the tumor cells.
AIM: To design and synthesize a novel class of antitumor agents, featuring the 3-nitroquinoline framework. METHODS: Based on the enzyme-binding features of Ekb1, introducing a nitro group at the 3-position of the quinoline core, a series of novel 3-nitroquinolines was designed and synthesized. The inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activity by these compounds was evaluated and analyzed by the sulforhodamine B assay for their inhibitory activities toward human epidermoid carcinoma (A431) cells and breast cancer (MDA-MB-468) cells, which are known to overexpress the EGFR kinase. RESULTS: A series of novel 3-nitroquinoline derivatives were synthesized and evaluated for their antiproliferative effect against the EGFR-overexpressing tumor cell lines. Several compounds for concentration-response studies showed prominent inhibitory activities with IC50 values in the micromolar or nanomolar range. The structure-activity relationship was discussed in terms of the inhibitory activity against the proliferation of 2 human carcinoma cell lines. CONCLUSION: This study was the first to identify new structural types of antiproliferative agents against the EGFR-overexpressing tumor cell lines by the incorporation of the nitro group at the 3-position of the quinoline core structure, providing promising new templates for the further development of anticancer agents.
OBJECTIVE: Brain metastasis (BM) is a serious complication of advanced lung adenocarcinoma and is a prominent factor leading to lung cancer mortality. In this study, the expression of the glycodelin protein was analyzed in EGFR-mutant tyrosine kinase inhibitor-sensitive advanced lung adenocarcinoma. METHODS: This study features a retrospective analysis of 74 advanced lung adenocarcinoma patients treated at our hospital from January 2010 to December 2017. The expressions of glycodelin were assessed by standard immunohistochemistry and correlated with clinicopathological factors and overall survival (OS) outcomes. RESULTS: Patients with advanced lung adenocarcinoma with glycodelin overexpression were prone to BM (P < 0.05), and exhibited significantly shortened OS (11.8 months vs 20.4 months, P < 0.05). Multivariate regression analysis showed that overexpression of glycodelin and brain metastases were independent factors affecting the prognosis of advanced lung adenocarcinoma (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The overexpression of glycodelin is closely related to the presence of brain metastasis in lung adenocarcinoma, and can be used as an auxiliary diagnostic index for prognosis of advanced lung adenocarcinoma.
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) have shown promising clinical efficacy in non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, resistance is frequently observed in malignant cells, operating through a mechanism that remains largely unknown. The present study shows that T-lymphokine-activated killer cell-originated protein kinase (TOPK) is upregulated in NSCLC and excessively activated in TKI-refractory cells. TOPK dictates the responsiveness of lung cancers to the EGFR-targeted TKI gefitinib through the transcription factor AP-1 component c-Jun. TOPK binds directly to and phosphorylates c-Jun, which consequently activates the transcription of AP-1 target genes, including CCND1 and CDC2. TOPK silencing sensitizes EGFR-TKI-resistant lung cancer cells to gefitinib and increases gefitinib efficacy in preclinical lung adenocarcinoma xenograft models. These findings represent a novel mechanism of lung cancer resistance to TKIs and suggest that TOPK may have value both as a predictive biomarker and as a therapeutic target: TOPK-targeted therapy may synergize with EGFR-targeted therapy in lung cancers.
Cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) are hyperactive in many cancers and have served as cancer therapeutic targets for decades. Palbociclib (Palb) is the first approved CDK4/6 inhibitor to treat hormone receptor (HR)-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer. Acquired drug resistance is one obstacle of Palb be utilized in other cancer. CDK2 compensation of CDK4/6 loss is one of the causes that cancer cells are resistant to Palb. Hence, targeting multiple CDKs could be a novel strategy to prevent the drug resistance of cancer cells and expand the application of Palb in other cancer. In this study, we initially indicated Polyphyllin I (PPI) significantly inhibits non-small lung cancer cell (NSCLC) proliferation, promotes cell apoptosis in vitro and in vivo. Mechanistically, PPI can inhibit Rb through the p21/CDK2/Rb signaling pathway in NSCLC. A combination of PPI and Palb exerts a significant synergistic anti-cancer ability on NSCLC. Of note, PPI can reverse Palb drug resistance. Herein, we first time demonstrated PPI can disturb CDK2 function through upregulation of p21. The PPI effect on CDK2 provides a choice for a chemotherapeutic strategy for the elimination of NSCLC. Our study highlighted the clinical significance of simultaneously blocking of CDK2 and CDK4/6 for NSCLC treatment.
Estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) marks heterogeneous breast cancers which display a repertoire of somatic genomic mutations and an immune environment that differs from other breast cancer subtypes. These cancers also exhibit distinct biological behaviors; despite an overall better prognosis than HER2+ or triple negative breast cancers, disseminated dormant cells can lead to disease recurrence decades after the initial diagnosis and treatment. Estrogen is the best studied driver of these cancers, and antagonism or reduction of estrogen activity is the cornerstone of therapeutic approaches. In addition to reducing proliferation of ERalpha+ cancer cells, these treatments also alter signals to multiple other target cells in the environment, including immune cell subpopulations, cancer-associated fibroblasts, and endothelial cells via several distinct estrogen receptors. In this review, we update progress in our understanding of the stromal cells populating the microenvironments of primary and metastatic ER+ tumors, the effects of estrogen on tumor and stromal cells to modulate immune activity and the extracellular matrix, and net outcomes in experimental and clinical studies. We highlight new approaches that will illuminate the unique biology of these cancers, provide the foundation for developing new treatment and prevention strategies, and reduce mortality of this disease.
Lung cancer is one of the most common malignancies and the leading cause of cancerassociated mortality in Korea. A significant amount of effort has been put into the development of new and more effective treatments and biological markers for the prediction of therapeutic responses, which has led to the identification of various genetic changes in cancer, that are the socalled 'growth drivers' of carcinogenesis. Certain genetic alterations have become new treatment targets, and it has been suggested that different mutations are associated with different clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis. The present study aimed to evaluate the status of the key 'driver' mutation anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) fusion in Korean patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and its association with clinicopathological characteristics, including the presence of other genetic mutations. The present study also compared different methods for ALK fusion detection, including fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH), immunohistochemistry (IHC) and nextgeneration sequencing (NGS) to evaluate which method is the most effective. A total of 482 patients with NSCLC who underwent ALK FISH analysis were evaluated for clinicopathological features, such as age, sex, smoking history, tumor stage, histological subtype, immunohistochemical profile, including ALK and EGFR mutation statuses, and survival. Some ALK FISHpositive and negative cancers were newly submitted to NGS analysis for DNA and RNA alterations. The ALK fusionpositive tumors were associated with a younger age, female patients, frequent nodal metastases, advanced stage and shorter survival. Comparing the results of ALK FISH, IHC and NGS analyses, it was concluded that in practice, ALK testing should better be diversified concerning FISH and IHC, and NGS analysis would be a good alternative to FISH, with an additional advantage of being able to concurrently detect different mutations.
BACKGROUND: Afatinib's efficacy and dose-adjustment strategies have been validated in clinical trials and increasingly supported by real-world evidence. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to provide additional real-world insights into afatinib use and to assess the impact of initial dosing and subsequent dose modifications on treatment outcomes and tolerability in patients with advanced epidermal-growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). DESIGN: We conducted a multicenter retrospective analysis of patients with advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC who received first-line afatinib between April 2018 and June 2022. METHODS: Patients were categorized into four subgroups based on their starting and optimal afatinib doses. The primary endpoints were to analyze the association between afatinib dosing and time-to-treatment failure (TTF), overall survival (OS), and toxicity. RESULTS: A total of 343 patients were included. The most common starting afatinib dose was 30 mg (58.6%), followed by 40 mg (39.9%). The optimal dose maintained during treatment was 30 mg in 62.1% of patients, 40 mg in 33.2%, and 20 mg in 4.7%. Dose reductions due to toxicity occurred in 23.6% of cases. Regarding four subgroups: 53.1% of patients started and remained on <40 mg, 25.4% started and maintained 40 mg, 14.6% started at 40 mg but de-escalated to <40 mg, and 7.0% started <40 mg and escalated to 40 mg. After a median follow-up of 36.8 months, the median OS for all patients was 31.3 months (95% confidence interval: 29.3-33.1). Multivariate Cox regression analysis identified smoking status, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status, and EGFR mutation subtype as independent prognostic factors for OS. Notably, patients who initiated treatment at 40 mg but de-escalated to <40 mg had the longest median TTF and OS. In terms of safety, the highest incidence of adverse events was observed in this group, followed by those who started and remained at <40 mg. CONCLUSION: In this real-world cohort, flexible afatinib dosing-either by initiating at 40 mg followed by dose reduction or starting at <40 mg with later escalation-was associated with favorable survival outcomes and manageable tolerability. These findings support the use of individualized afatinib dosing strategies to optimize both efficacy and safety in patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
Human papillomavirus (HPV) infections are the primary drivers of cervical cancers, and often HPV DNA gets integrated into the host genome. Although the oncogenic impact of HPV encoded genes is relatively well known, the cis-regulatory effect of integrated HPV DNA on host chromatin structure and gene regulation remains less understood. We investigated genome-wide patterns of HPV integrations and associated host gene expression changes in the context of host chromatin states and topologically associating domains (TADs). HPV integrations were significantly enriched in active chromatin regions and depleted in inactive ones. Interestingly, regardless of chromatin state, genomic regions flanking HPV integrations showed transcriptional upregulation. Nevertheless, upregulation (both local and long-range) was mostly confined to TADs with integration, but not affecting adjacent TADs. Few TADs showed recurrent integrations associated with overexpression of oncogenes within them (e.g. MYC, PVT1, TP63 and ERBB2) regardless of proximity. Hi-C and 4C-seq analyses in cervical cancer cell line (HeLa) demonstrated chromatin looping interactions between integrated HPV and MYC/PVT1 regions (~ 500 kb apart), leading to allele-specific overexpression. Based on these, we propose HPV integrations can trigger multimodal oncogenic activation to promote cancer progression.
A precise balance between ubiquitination and deubiquitination is crucial for cellular regulation. Ubiquitin-specific peptidase 54 (USP54), an active deubiquitinase (DUB), modulates the ubiquitination of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). While the significance of USP54 in tumorigenesis is known, its specific function in cancer progression remains unclear. This study investigates the role of USP54 in gefitinib sensitivity in gefitinib-resistant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. Using western blotting and next-generation sequencing, we examined gene expression changes in ubiquitination pathways. USP54 deficiency and its impact on cell viability and gefitinib response were evaluated in 2D and 3D spheroid cancer models. Prolonged gefitinib exposure altered the expression of 20 deubiquitinase-regulating genes. Notably, ubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase L3, downregulated by gefitinib, was identified as a key regulator of EGFR ubiquitination in gefitinib-sensitive PC9 cells. Silencing USP54 in resistant NSCLC cells increased gefitinib-induced EGFR ubiquitination and G0/G1 cell cycle arrest, enhancing drug susceptibility in resistant spheroids. USP54 upregulation in gefitinib-treated cells was associated with reduced EGFR ubiquitination, stabilizing EGFR and promoting cell survival. These findings suggest USP54 as a critical modulator of EGFR stability and a potential therapeutic target to overcome gefitinib resistance in NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: The number of randomized trials of agents targeting oncogene-addicted tumors has surged in the past 10 years. Using a meta-analysis, we explored whether improvements in objective response rate (ORR) in comparative trials using targeted agents could serve as a potential surrogate endpoint for improvements in progression-free survival (PFS) or overall survival (OS) in populations with oncogene-addicted cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Using commercial text mining software I2E, we searched ClinicalTrials.gov and MEDLINE databases for randomized, phase III trials based on prospectively defined criteria, including (i) use of agents targeting EGFR activating mutations, ALK rearrangements, BRAF V600E or V600K mutations, and BCR-ABL fusion protein; (ii) molecularly enriched trial population or subpopulation; (iii) control arm only randomized to chemo/cytotoxic therapy. Correlative analyses were performed using ORR, OS, and PFS data from trials that met these criteria. RESULTS: A total of 62 trials were identified; 15 met all of the prespecified criteria. The ORR effect size (both the difference in ORR between arms and the log odds ratio) and log PFS hazard ratio were strongly correlated: -0.78 (P = 0.0007) for the ORR difference model; -0.74 (P = 0.0017) for the log odds ratio model. ORR effect size was positively correlated with the log OS hazard ratio, but more weakly: -0.67 (P = 0.013) for the ORR difference model and -0.58 (P = 0.036) for the log odds ratio model. Analysis of the treatment effects between OS and PFS found no correlation. CONCLUSIONS: These analyses identified a strong correlation between treatment effects on ORR and PFS in randomized clinical trials investigating agents targeting oncogene-driven cancers. A weaker correlation was observed between ORR and OS. These meta-analysis results support the use of a high ORR forming the basis of an initial regulatory approval in biomarker-driven studies.
The aims of this study are to describe tumor characteristics and treatment patterns of elder breast cancer patients and to determine the factors influencing local and systemic treatments. This retrospective cohort included 866 patients (>or=60 years) referred for surgery between January 2002 and December 2006. The patients were divided into four groups according to age. Elderly women had larger tumors at diagnosis with more mucinous carcinomas, more estrogen/progesterone-positive, lower Ki-67 labeling indices and less c-erbB2 positive tumors. Comorbidities were more often recorded for older patients. They were more likely to undergo simple mastectomy or breast-conserving surgery, less likely to receive adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy, compared with their younger counterparts. Multinomial and binary logistic regression showed that age was independently associated with local and systemic treatments. Our data suggest that the tumors of elderly patients are biologically more favorable, and elderly women appear to receive less aggressive treatments.
BACKGROUND: Several trials show that tumor markers at primary diagnosis of cancer have prognostic relevance and can predict dissemination of the disease. While MUC-1 markers are frequently used to monitor treatment efficacy in metastatic breast cancer, their role at primary diagnosis or during follow-up remains unclear. This translational research project within the SUCCESS trial evaluates the role of the tumor marker CA 27.29 before and after adjuvant chemotherapy, as well as after two and then five years in patients with early breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The SUCCESS trial compared FEC (500/100/500)-docetaxel (100) vs. FEC (500/100/500)-docetaxel/gemcitabine (75/2000) and two vs. five years of zoledronate treatment in node-positive and high-risk node-negative patients with primary breast cancer. CA 27.29 was measured before chemotherapy in 2669 patients with the reagent ST AIA-PACK CA 27.29 for AIA-600II-Analyzer (Tosoh Bioscience, Belgium). Results of CA 27.29 above 31 U/ml were regarded as positive. RESULTS: 7.6% of patients had elevated marker levels after the completion of primary surgical treatment but before initiation of chemotherapy (n=202, mean 19, range 3-410 U/ml). No correlation between nodal status (p=0.55), grading (p=0.85), hormonal status (p=0.21), HER2/neu status on the primary tumor (p=0.58) and CA 27.29 was shown. However, larger tumor size (p=0.02), lobular histology (p<0.0001), older age (p<0.001) and postmenopausal hormone status before the start of treatment (p=0.006) were significantly associated with higher CA 27.29 levels. CONCLUSION: These data indicate a close relationship between CA 27.29 and tumor mass persisting even several weeks after surgery, but also identify potential confounding factors that should be considered in interpreting tumor marker results. Further follow-up of the SUCCESS trial will clarify whether CA 27.29 measured after surgery but before the start of systemic treatment is prognostically relevant and whether it is a useful marker for treatment monitoring in the adjuvant setting.
Drug latentiation is a process of modifying a drug molecule structurally to improve its binding affinity as well as increasing the drug-receptor interactions and potentiate its therapeutic potential. In the quest for discovering more potent epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors, gefitinib-based derivatives were designed by simple structural modification at the secondary amine of gefitinib by N-alkylation. Three gefitinib derivatives (gefitinib-NB, -NP, and -NIP) were synthesized by N-alkylation and phase transfer catalysis. Structural characterization, physicochemical parameters such as solubility, log P, and p K (a) were determined. Molecular docking studies were carried out to investigate the binding interactions at the active site. Further drug-bovine serum albumin (BSA) protein and drug-calf thymus (CT) DNA interactions were performed to understand the pharmacokinetics of the synthesized derivatives. All the compounds were screened for preliminary in vitro cytotoxic activity against A549, A431 lung, and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell lines by MTT assay. The gefitinib-NP and gefitinib-NB derivatives exhibited strong cytotoxic activity compared with gefitinib. They also showed higher drug-BSA and drug-DNA interactions. Molecular docking studies showed the orientation and binding interactions with the EGFR as well as with BSA and CT DNA. The results establish a strong correlation between the experimental and molecular docking studies. EGFR inhibition studies were also carried out for the derivatives and we identified the NP derivative of gefitinib as a potential lead compound. The gefitinib-based derivatives reported herein are cytotoxic agents and can be tested for further pharmacokinetic profiles and toxicity studies which might be helpful for designing more potent gefitinib-based derivatives in the future.
Cancer remains a major global public health concern, driving the need for innovative therapeutic agents with intensified efficacy and safety. Growth factor receptors (GFRs), often overexpressed in cancer cells and critical in regulating cell proliferation, survival, and tumor progression, represent key targets for cancer therapy. Halophytic plants like Salicornia spp. are known for their diverse bioactive compounds with notable pharmacological properties. This study comprehensively evaluated the anti-cancer potentials of phytochemicals derived from Salicornia herbacea and Salicornia brachiata using molecular docking and ADME-Tox (absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity) profiling. A total of 37 bioactive compounds from Salicornia spp. were screened against HER1, HER2, and HER4 receptors. Among them, 3,5-di-O-caffeoylquinic acid, 3-O-caffeoylquinic acid, myricetin, quercetin, stigmasterol, kaempferol, isorhamnetin, rhamnetin, and hesperitin featured strong predicted binding affinities to the HER1, HER2, and HER4 growth factor receptors, comparable to those of standard anti-cancer drugs such as gefitinib and dovitinib. Further pharmacokinetic assessments, including bioavailability and toxicity analyses, identified compounds with favorable drug-likeness properties and minimal toxicity risks, except for myricetin and quercetin. These findings underscore the potential of Salicornia-derived phytochemicals as promising candidates for the development of safe, novel, and effective anti-cancer agents targeting GFRs, contributing to the advances in precision oncology, pending further validation through in vitro and/or in vivo experiments.
Human antigen R (HuR), an RNA-binding protein, is implicated in regulating mRNA stability and translation in cancer, especially in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), a highly aggressive form. CRISPR/Cas9-mediated HuR knockout (HuR CRISPR) presents a promising genetic therapeutic approach, but it encounters transfection limitations. Docetaxel (DTX), an effective cytotoxic agent against metastatic breast cancer (BC), faces challenges related to vehicle-associated adverse events in DTX formulations. Therefore, we designed multifunctional nanoparticles with pH-sensitive PEG derivatives and targeting peptides to enable efficient HuR CRISPR and DTX delivery to human TNBC MDA-MB-231 cells and tumor-bearing mice. Our findings indicated that these nanoparticles displayed pH-responsive cytotoxicity, precise EGFR targeting, efficient tumor penetration, successful endosomal escape, and accurate nuclear and cytoplasmic localization. They also demonstrated the ability to spare normal cells and prevent hemolysis. Our study concurrently modulated multiple pathways, including EGFR, Wnt/beta-catenin, MDR, and EMT, through the regulation of EGFR/PI3K/AKT, HuR/galectin-3/GSK-3beta/beta-catenin, and P-gp/MRPs/BCRP, as well as YAP1/TGF-beta/ZEB1/Slug/MMPs. The combined treatment arrested the cell cycle at the G2 phase and inhibited EMT, effectively impeding tumor progression. Tissue distribution, biochemical assays, and histological staining revealed the enhanced safety profile of pH-responsive PEG- and peptide-modified nanoformulations in TNBC mice. The DTX-embedded and peptide-modified nanoparticles mitigated the side effects of DTX, enhanced cytotoxicity in TNBC MDA-MB-231 cells, and exhibited remarkable antitumor efficacy and safety in TNBC-bearing mice with HuR CRISPR deletion. Collectively, the combination therapy of DTX and CRISPR/Cas9 offers an effective platform for delivering antineoplastic agents and gene-editing systems to combat tumor resistance and progression in TNBC.
Accumulating evidence has shown that fibromodulin (FMOD) plays a pivotal role in tumorigenesis and metastasis. However, the biological function of FMOD in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) remains largely unclear to date. In this study, we confirmed that FMOD was overexpressed and showed a significant association with malignant progression and lymph node metastasis in OSCC. Depletion of FMOD inhibited OSCC proliferation and metastasis in vitro and in vivo. RNA sequencing, western blotting, and rescue assays verified that FMOD exerted oncogenic roles in OSCC via activation of EGFR signaling. In addition, FMOD was proved to be a putative target gene of miR-338-3p. Taken together, FMOD overexpression due to the reduced level of miR-338-3p promotes OSCC by activating EGFR signaling. Our findings provide direct evidence that targeting FMOD could be a promising therapeutic strategy for OSCC patients.
The last five years has seen a major expansion in the number of clinical trials with molecular targeted agents in ovarian cancer. Most of the studies are with anti-angiogenic agents. This review discusses the rationale for molecular targeted therapy in ovarian cancer and the current randomized trials. It focuses on anti-angiogenic agents, particularly bevacizumab and small molecule VEGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and EGFR, alpha-folate receptor, PARP, src kinase and IGFR inhibitors. The results of first-line trials and studies in recurrent disease with bevacizumab will soon be available. Results of many other trials with molecular targeted therapy will follow over the next 2-3 years. We highlight some of the complex issues about sequencing, duration of therapy and selection of agents to aid the debate about the best use of molecular targeted agents in the treatment of ovarian cancer.
Whether Human Epidermal growth factor Receptor 2 (HER2)-low status has prognostic significance in HR + /HER2- advanced Breast Cancer (aBC) patients treated with first-line Endocrine Therapy plus CDK 4/6 inhibitors remains unclear. In 428 patients evaluated, HER2-low status was independently associated with significantly worse PFS and OS when compared with HER2-0 status. Based on our findings, HER2-low status could become a new prognostic biomarker in this clinical setting.
Peptide nucleic acid (PNA) may be used in various biomedical applications; however, these are currently limited, due to its low solubility in aqueous solutions. In this study, a methodology to overcome this limitation is demonstrated, as well as the effect of PNA on cell viability. We show that extruding a mixture of natural phospholipids and short (6-22 bases), cytosine-rich PNA through a 100 nm pore size membrane under mild acidic conditions resulted in the formation of small (60-90 nm in diameter) multilamellar vesicles (SMVs) comprising several (3-5) concentric lipid membranes. The PNA molecules, being positively charged under acidic conditions (due to protonation of cytosine bases in the sequence), bind electrostatically to negatively charged phospholipid membranes. The large membrane surface area allowed the encapsulation of thousands of PNA molecules in the vesicle. SMVs were conjugated with the designed ankyrin repeat protein (DARPin_9-29), which interacts with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), overexpressed in human breast cancer. The conjugate was shown to enter HER2-overexpressing cells by receptor-mediated endocytosis. PNA molecules, released from lysosomes, aggregate in the cytoplasm into micron-sized particles, which interfere with normal cell functioning, causing cell death. The ability of DARPin-functionalized SMVs to specifically deliver large quantities of PNA to cancer cells opens a new promising avenue for cancer therapy.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review critically evaluates the evolution and current status of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-directed therapies in upper gastrointestinal (GI) malignancies, a timely and relevant inquiry given the dynamic shifts in therapeutic strategies over the past decade. Initial enthusiasm following the Trastuzumab for Gastric Cancer (ToGA) study's demonstration of trastuzumab's efficacy, however, encountered hurdles due to subsequent trials showing limited progress, underscoring the necessity for a reevaluation of therapeutic approaches and the exploration of novel agents. RECENT FINDINGS: The review highlights significant breakthroughs in the form of immune checkpoint inhibitors and innovative therapeutic technologies, which have redefined treatment paradigms and shown promising efficacy in HER2-positive cases. Emerging treatments such as trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd), zanidatamab and evorpacept further illustrate the ongoing efforts to leverage unique mechanisms of action for improved HER2-positive antitumor activity. SUMMARY: The advancements in HER2-directed therapies underscore a pivotal era in the management of upper GI malignancies. These developments not only reflect the profound impact of integrating novel therapeutic combinations but also highlight the critical role of ongoing research in overcoming resistance mechanisms and tailoring treatment to individual disease profiles.
Twenty-five acetophenone/piperazin-2-one (APPA) hybrids were designed and synthesized based on key pharmacophores found in anti-breast cancer drugs Neratinib, Palbociclib, and Olaparib. Compound 1j exhibited good in vitro antiproliferative activity (IC(50) = 6.50 muM) and high selectivity (SI = 9.2 vs HER2-positive breast cancer cells SKBr3; SI = 7.3 vs normal breast cells MCF-10A) against triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) cells MDA-MB-468. In addition, 1j could selectively cause DNA damage, inducing the accumulation of gammaH2AX and P53 in MDA-MB-468 cells. It also reduced the phosphorylation level of P38 and the expression of HSP70, which further prevented the repair of DNA damage and caused cells S/G(2)-arrest leading to MDA-MB-468 cells death.
BACKGROUND: Loss of skeletal muscle volume and resulting in functional limitations are poor prognostic markers in breast cancer patients. Several molecular defects in skeletal muscle including reduced MyoD levels and increased protein turn over due to enhanced proteosomal activity have been suggested as causes of skeletal muscle loss in cancer patients. However, it is unknown whether molecular defects in skeletal muscle are dependent on tumor etiology. METHODS: We characterized functional and molecular defects of skeletal muscle in MMTV-Neu (Neu+) mice (n= 6-12), an animal model that represents HER2+ human breast cancer, and compared the results with well-characterized luminal B breast cancer model MMTV-PyMT (PyMT+). Functional studies such as grip strength, rotarod performance, and ex vivo muscle contraction were performed to measure the effects of cancer on skeletal muscle. Expression of muscle-enriched genes and microRNAs as well as circulating cytokines/chemokines were measured. Since NF-kappaB pathway plays a significant role in skeletal muscle defects, the ability of NF-kappaB inhibitor dimethylaminoparthenolide (DMAPT) to reverse skeletal muscle defects was examined. RESULTS: Neu+ mice showed skeletal muscle defects similar to accelerated aging. Compared to age and sex-matched wild type mice, Neu+ tumor-bearing mice had lower grip strength (202+/-6.9 vs. 179+/-6.8 g grip force, p=0.0069) and impaired rotarod performance (108+/-12.1 vs. 30+/-3.9 seconds, P<0.0001), which was consistent with reduced muscle contractibility (p<0.0001). Skeletal muscle of Neu+ mice (n=6) contained lower levels of CD82+ (16.2+/-2.9 vs 9.0+/-1.6) and CD54+ (3.8+/-0.5 vs 2.4+/-0.4) muscle stem and progenitor cells (p<0.05), suggesting impaired capacity of muscle regeneration, which was accompanied by decreased MyoD, p53 and miR-486 expression in muscles (p<0.05). Unlike PyMT+ mice, which showed skeletal muscle mitochondrial defects including reduced mitochondria levels and Pgc1beta, Neu+ mice displayed accelerated aging-associated changes including muscle fiber shrinkage and increased extracellular matrix deposition. Circulating "aging factor" and cachexia and fibromyalgia-associated chemokine Ccl11 was elevated in Neu+ mice (1439.56+/-514 vs. 1950+/-345 pg/ml, p<0.05). Treatment of Neu+ mice with DMAPT significantly restored grip strength (205+/-6 g force), rotarod performance (74+/-8.5 seconds), reversed molecular alterations associated with skeletal muscle aging, reduced circulating Ccl11 (1083.26 +/-478 pg/ml), and improved animal survival. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that breast cancer subtype has a specific impact on the type of molecular and structure changes in skeletal muscle, which needs to be taken into consideration while designing therapies to reduce breast cancer-induced skeletal muscle loss and functional limitations.
Given that immunotherapy has resulted in a significant overall survival (OS) benefit in advanced-stage disease, it is of notable interest to determine the effectiveness of these agents in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The potential exists for the immunotherapeutic approach in early-stage NSCLC to mirror the paradigm seen in advanced NSCLC, wherein survival enhancements have notably benefited the majority of patients. However, their performance in early-stage epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant NSCLC is controversial. In the limited studies that included patients with EGFR mutation status, we found unexpected, good survival benefits of perioperative immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in resectable EGFR-positive NSCLC, which is controversial with those in advanced EGFR-mutant NSCLC. It is possible because of the shift toward immunosuppression that the immune environment undergoes during tumor progression. In the early disease stages, the anti-tumor immune response can be activated with fewer hindrances. In the context of EGFR mutant tumors, intratumor genetic heterogeneity can generate treatment-sensitive and -resistant subclones. The subclonality of the resistant subclone is pivotal in therapy response, with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) selectively controlling EGFR-mutant cell proliferation and "competitive release" potentially explaining lower pathological responses in adjuvant TKIs trials. This review delves into emerging data on perioperative treatment modalities for early-stage EGFR mutant NSCLC, exploring unique mechanisms and predictive biomarkers to guide perioperative management strategies.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer in women globally. Genetic mutations can increase the risk of developing breast cancer. Inherited germline mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 tumor suppressor genes (gBRCAm) account for 5% to 10% of breast cancer cases. The recent approval of olaparib, a poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor, in HER2-negative, metastatic breast cancer provides an additional treatment option for patients with a gBRCAm. Inhibition of PARP results in the trapping of the PARP-DNA complex at replication forks, causing single-strand breaks to become double-strand breaks (DSBs). PARP trapping and the accumulation of DSBs ultimately leads to cell apoptosis. Cells deficient in BRCA1/2 are particularly sensitive to the effects of PARP inhibition, as cells lacking these functional proteins are unable to repair DSBs, resulting in synthetic lethality. The phase III OlympiAD trial showed a progression-free survival benefit but no overall survival benefit, leading to the US Food and Drug Administration approval of olaparib. The purpose of this article is to describe current data regarding the use of olaparib in metastatic breast cancer, its role in the treatment of patients with a gBRCAm, and the clinical implications of its approval for oncology advanced practitioners.
PURPOSE: A high incidence of congestive heart failure (CHF) has been observed in patients with metastatic breast cancer (MBC) receiving doxorubicin-based chemotherapy and trastuzumab. The Herceptin, Cyclophosphamide, and Epirubicin (HERCULES) trial evaluated trastuzumab plus cyclophosphamide and the less cardiotoxic anthracycline epirubicin. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This prospective trial combined a phase I dose-finding stage with a phase II randomized stage. In total, 120 patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) -positive MBC and adequate cardiac function received first-line trastuzumab (4 mg/kg intravenous loading dose, then 2 mg/kg every week) plus cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m(2)) and either epirubicin 60 mg/m(2) (HEC-60) or 90 mg/m(2) (HEC-90) for six cycles, followed by trastuzumab monotherapy until progression. Sixty patients with HER2-negative disease received epirubicin (90 mg/m(2)) and cyclophosphamide (EC-90) alone. The primary end point was dose-limiting cardiotoxicity (DLC). RESULTS: Incidence of DLC was 5.0%, 1.7%, and 0% in the HEC-90, HEC-60, and EC-90 arms, respectively. All DLC events were manageable. There were no cardiac-related deaths. Other adverse-event profiles were comparable across the three arms, except febrile neutropenia, which was reported in 10% of the HEC-90 arm compared with 3% of the other arms. Tumor response rates were 57%, 60%, and 25% in the HEC-60, HEC-90, and EC-90 arms, respectively; median time to progression was 12.5, 10.1, and 7.6 months, respectively. CONCLUSION: The HEC regimen is a promising treatment option for patients with HER2-positive MBC. The lower incidence of DLC with HEC, compared with the historic incidence associated with trastuzumab plus doxorubicin, supports further evaluation of the regimen, especially in adjuvant or neoadjuvant settings.
Estrogen receptors (ERs) are steroid hormone receptors, which belong to a large nuclear receptor family. Endocrine diseases correlate strongly with dysregulated ER signaling. Traditional therapies continue to rely on small molecule inhibitors, including aromatase inhibitors (AIs) and selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs), all of which permit acquired resistance to endocrine therapy. Proteolytic targeting chimeras (PROTACs) offer unprecedented potential for solving acquired endocrine resistance. ARV-471, an ER-targeting PROTAC developed by Arvinas, was designated as an Investigational New Drug by the US FDA in 2019, and a phase I trial in patients suffering from locally advanced or metastatic ER-positive/HER2- negative breast cancer was initiated. In this review, we will focus on progress in developing ER-targeting PROTACs from publications and patents aimed at the treatment of endocrine diseases.
INTRODUCTION: The aim of this review was to assess the outcomes of partial nephrectomy using indocyanine green (ICG) regarding ischemia time, positive surgical margins (PSM), estimated blood loss (EBL) and estimated GFR reduction while also suggesting the optimal dosage scheme. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A systematic review was performed using Medline (PubMed), ClinicalTrials.gov, and Cochrane Library (CENTRAL) databases, in concordance with the PRISMA statement. Studies in English regarding the use of indocyanine green in partial nephrectomy were reviewed. Reviews and meta-analyses, editorials, perspectives, and letters to the editors were excluded. RESULTS: Individual ICG dose was 5 mg in most of the studies. The mean warm ischemia time (WIT) on each study ranged from 11.6 minutes to 27.2 minutes. The reported eGFR reduction ranged from 0% to 15.47%. Lowest mean EBL rate was 48.2 ml and the highest was 347 ml. Positive surgical margin rates were between 0.3% to 11%. CONCLUSIONS: Indocyanine green seems to be a useful tool in partial nephrectomy as it can assist surgeons in identifying tumor and its related vasculature. Thereby, warm ischemia time can be reduced and, in some cases, selective ischemia can be implemented leading to better renal functional preservation.
BACKGROUND: Chemotherapy efficacy in early-stage hormone receptor-positive (HR+) breast cancer (BC) according to menopausal status needs a biological explanation. METHODS: We compared early-stage HR+ BC biological features before and after (neo)adjuvant chemotherapy or endocrine therapy (ET), and assessed oestrogen receptor (ER) pathway activity in both pre- and post-menopausal patients. The nCounter platform was used to detect gene expression levels. FINDINGS: In 106 post-menopausal patients with HR+/HER2-negative BC randomized to neoadjuvant chemotherapy or ET (letrozole+ribociclib), a total of 19 oestrogen-regulated genes, including progesterone receptor (PGR), were found downregulated in the ET-based arm-only. We confirmed this finding in an independent dataset of 20 letrozole-treated post-menopausal patients and found, conversely, an up-regulation of the same signature in HR+/HER2-negative MCF7 cell line treated with estradiol. PGR was found down-regulated by 2 weeks of ET+anti-HER2 therapy in pre-/post-menopausal patients with HR+/HER2-positive (HER2+) BC, while anti-HER2 therapy alone increased PGR expression in HR-negative/HER2+ BC. In 88 pre- and post-menopausal patients with newly diagnosed HR+/HER2-negative BC treated with chemotherapy, the 19 oestrogen-regulated genes were found significantly downregulated only in pre-menopausal patients. In progesterone receptor (PR)+/HER2-negative BC treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy (n=40), tumours became PR-negative in 69.2% of pre-menopausal patients and 14.8% of post-menopausal patients (p=0.001). Finally, a mean decrease in PGR levels was only observed in pre-menopausal patients undergoing anti-HER2-based multi-agent chemotherapy. INTERPRETATION: Chemotherapy reduces the expression of ER-regulated genes in pre-menopausal women suffering from hormone-dependent BC by supressing ovarian function. Further studies should test the value of chemotherapy in this patient population when ovarian function is suppressed by other methods. FUNDING: Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Breast Cancer Now, the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, the American Association for Cancer Research, Fundacio La Marato TV3, the European Union's Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation Programme, Pas a Pas, Save the Mama, Fundacion Cientifica Asociacion Espanola Contra el Cancer, PhD4MDgrant of "Departament de Salut", exp SLT008/18/00122, Fundacion SEOM and ESMO. Any views, opinions, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this material are those solely of the author(s).
Since the early 1980s remarkable progress has been made in understanding the role of the HER2 locus in carcinogenesis, but many details of its regulatory network are still elusive. We recently reported the finding of 367 new human microRNA (miRNA) genes of which one, mir-4728, is encoded in an intron of the HER2 gene. Here, we confirm that the HER2 oncogene is a bi-functional locus encoding the membrane receptor and a functional miRNA gene. We further show that miR-4728-3p has alternative functionalities depending on the region used for interaction with its target; the canonical seed between nucleotides 2-8 or a novel, more internal seed shifted to nucleotides 6-12. Analysis of public data shows that this internal seed region, although rare compared to the far more abundant canonical 2-8 seed interaction, can also direct targeted down-regulation by other miRNAs. Through the internal seed, miR-4728-3p regulates expression of estrogen receptor alpha, an interaction that would have remained undetected if classic rules for miRNA-target interaction had been applied. In summary, we present here an alternative mode of miRNA regulation and demonstrate this dual function of the HER2 locus, linking the two major biomarkers in breast cancer.
Triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) has been shown to respond to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT). It has been established that achieving pathological complete response (pCR) for certain aggressive subtypes of breast cancer, including HER-2 (over-expressed) and TNBC, provides an important surrogate marker for predicting long-term clinical response and survival outcomes. How to increase the number of patients that achieve pCR remains challenging. Platinum-based NACT seems to be part of the solution and capecitabine, an active drug in metastatic breast cancer, but not a standard one in earlier stages may have found its place in the adjuvant setting. In the near future immunotherapy can play a role in early TNBC.
OBJECTIVE: To explore the possibility of nonsurgical treatment of primary breast cancers by a sequential treatment of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. METHODS: We conducted a safety and efficacy trial of chemotherapy and radiation therapy sequentially as primary therapy in patients with stage I-IIIA breast cancer. All patients underwent mastectomy or lumpectomy 12-16 weeks after the completion of radiation therapy to maximize the effect of radiation therapy. The primary endpoint was the pathological complete response (pCR) rate. RESULTS: Between June 2004 and April 2005, one hundred eight patients were enrolled. Thirty six percent of the entire population achieved a pCR, which could not reject the null hypothesis. The pCR rate was 57% in patients with hormone receptor (HR)-negative/HER-2-positive tumors and 52% in patients with triple-negative tumors. While 7% of the HR-negative/HER2-positive patients recurred, a higher incidence of recurrence (24%) was observed in triple-negative tumors in a follow-up of 4.5 years. The rate of breast-conserving surgery was 88.9% (96/108). CONCLUSION: The pCR rate was not high enough, even though preoperative sequential chemoradiation therapy did not increase the risk of operative complications and could achieve a high rate of breast-conserving surgery.
Triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a complex and aggressive subtype of breast cancer which lacks oestrogen receptors, progesterone receptors and HER2 amplification, thereby making it difficult to target therapeutically. In addition, TNBC has the highest rates of metastatic disease and the poorest overall survival of all breast cancer subtypes. Resultantly, development of targeted therapies for TNBC is urgently needed. Recent efforts aimed at molecular characterisation of TNBCs have revealed various emerging therapeutic targets including PARP1, receptor and non-receptor tyrosine kinases, immune-checkpoints, androgen receptor and epigenetic proteins. Key successes include that of the PARP inhibitor, olaparib, which prolonged progression-free survival in a trial of BRCA-mutated breast cancer and for which clinical approval (in this setting) appears imminent. Nevertheless, the heterogeneity of TNBC has limited the clinical benefits of many trialled therapies in 'unselected' patients. Further, drug resistance develops following use of many targeted monotherapies due to upregulation of compensatory signalling pathways. In this review, we evaluate the current status of investigational targeted treatments and present evidence for the role of novel biomarkers and combination therapies in increasing response rates and circumventing drug-induced resistance. Additionally, we discuss promising novel targets in metastatic TNBC identified through preclinical and/or epidemiological studies.
INTRODUCTION: This document is a summary of the French intergroup guidelines regarding the management of esophageal cancer (EC) published in July 2022, available on the website of the French Society of Gastroenterology (SNFGE) (www.tncd.org). METHODS: This collaborative work was conducted under the auspices of several French medical and surgical societies involved in the management of EC. Recommendations were graded in three categories (A, B and C), according to the level of evidence found in the literature until April 2022. RESULTS: EC diagnosis and staging evaluation are mainly based on patient's general condition assessment, endoscopy plus biopsies, TAP CT-scan and 18F FDG-PET. Surgery alone is recommended for early-stage EC, while locally advanced disease (N+ and/or T3-4) is treated with perioperative chemotherapy (FLOT) or preoperative chemoradiation (CROSS regimen) followed by immunotherapy for adenocarcinoma. Preoperative chemoradiation (CROSS regimen) followed by immunotherapy or definitive chemoradiation with the possibility of organ preservation are the two options for squamous cell carcinoma. Salvage surgery is recommended for incomplete response or recurrence after definitive chemoradiation and should be performed in an expert center. Treatment for metastatic disease is based on systemic therapy including chemotherapy, immunotherapy or combined targeted therapy according to biomarkers testing such as HER2 status, MMR status and PD-L1 expression. CONCLUSION: These guidelines are intended to provide a personalised therapeutic strategy for daily clinical practice and are subject to ongoing optimization. Each individual case should be discussed by a multidisciplinary team.
The identification of HER2-low and HER2-ultralow breast cancer (BC) subgroups has garnered considerable attention following the demonstrated clinical efficacy of HER2-targeted antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs). This study investigated whether these subgroups represent distinct biological subtypes compared to HER2-undetected tumors. Analyzing 297 HER2-negative BCs stratified by immunohistochemistry (50.2 % HER2-low, 35.7 % HER2-ultralow, 14.1 % HER2-undetected), we systematically compared clinicopathological and molecular profiles (AmoyDx(R) HANDLE Classic Panel). HER2-detected tumors (combined low/ultralow cohort) showed significant differences in hormone receptor (HR) positivity versus HER2-undetected tumors (p = 0.001). The mutation frequencies of the three most frequently altered genes (TP53, PIK3CA, and PTEN) in HER2-ultralow tumors did not significantly differ from those in the two other subgroups. However, HER2-detected tumors exhibited different molecular alterations compared to HER2-undetected tumors, with increased PIK3CA mutations in the former (p = 0.024) and TP53 mutation enrichment in the latter (p = 0.007). These differences attenuated when tumors were stratified by HR status. In addition, HER2 expression positively correlated with ERBB2 copy number, showing higher mean values in HER2-detected subgroups versus undetected counterparts (2.01 +/- 0.31 vs 1.88 +/- 0.23; p = 0.011). While no significant survival differences emerged across subgroups, most mortality events occurred in HER2-low (6/12, 50.0 %) and HER2-ultralow (5/12, 41.7 %) cases. Our findings indicate that while HER2-low and HER2-ultralow breast cancers may not represent independent biological subtypes, their clinical distinction from HER2-undetected tumors remains crucial due to potential ADC therapeutic implications.
Liquid biopsy is rapidly becoming an indispensable tool in the oncologist's arsenal; however, this technique remains elusive in a publicly funded healthcare system, and real-world evidence is needed to demonstrate utility and feasibility. Here, we describe the first experience of an in-house point of care liquid biopsy program at a Canadian community hospital. A retrospective review of consecutive cases that underwent plasma-based next-generation sequencing (NGS) was conducted. Liquid biopsy was initiated at the discretion of clinicians. Sequencing followed a point of care workflow using the Genexus integrated sequencer and the Oncomine precision assay, performed by histotechnologists. Results were reported by the attending pathologist. Eligible charts were reviewed for outcomes of interest, including the intent of the liquid biopsy, results of the liquid biopsy, and turnaround time from blood draw to results available. A total of 124 cases, with confirmed or suspected cancer, underwent liquid biopsy between January 2021 and November 2023. The median turnaround time for liquid biopsy results was 3 business days (range 1-12 days). The sensitivity of liquid biopsies was 71%, compared to tissue testing in cases with matched tissue results available for comparison. Common mutations included EGFR (29%), in 86 lung cancer patients, and PIK3CA (22%), identified in 13 breast cancer patients. Healthcare providers ordered liquid biopsies to inform diagnostic investigations and treatment decisions, and to determine progression or resistance mechanisms, as these reasons often overlapped. This study demonstrates that rapid in-house liquid biopsy using point of care methodology is feasible. The technique facilitates precision treatment and offers many additional advantages for cancer care.
Expression of HER-2 and COX-2 was determined to assess the potential of molecular-targeted therapy against human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) for the treatment of invasive bladder cancer. The subjects were 46 patients who attended Aichi Medical University Hospital between January 2001 and August 2008, underwent total cystectomy with a diagnosis of M0 bladder cancer, and received a pathological diagnosis of invasive transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder (pT2-pT4). Expression of HER-2 and COX-2 was determined by immunohistochemical staining, and the results were interpreted by two pathologists by classifying HER-2 expression into four grades, and considering COX-2 positive when 10% or more of the tumor cells were stained. In HER-2 immunostaining, 10 subjects (21.7%) were positive, all of whom had a Grade 3 tumor. Staging classification identified 2 subjects (2/22, 9.1%) with pT2 stage, 3 (3/16, 18.8%) pT3 stage, and 5 (5/8, 62.5%) pT4 stage. There was a correlation between HER-2 positivity and tumor stage (P=0.007). Lymph node metastasis was detected in 13 subjects, 3 of them (3/8, 37.5%) with pN2 metastasis were HER-2 positive. The 5-year cause-specific survival rate was 51.4% for HER-2-positive subjects and 83.4% for HER-2-negative subjects. The outcome was poorer in HER-2-positive subjects, but the difference in survival rate was not statistically significant (P=0.218). In COX-2 immunostaining, 27 subjects (58.7%) were found to be positive. Three (3/4, 75.0%) showed a Grade 2 tumor and 24 (24/42, 57.1%) a Grade 3 tumor. Staging classification identified 13 subjects (13/22, 59.1%) with pT2 stage, 9 (9/16, 56.3%) pT3 stage, and 5 (5/8, 62.5%) pT4 stage. There was no correlation between COX-2 positivity and tumor grade or stage (P=0.488 and 0.089, respectively). Classification by the extent of lymph node metastasis revealed that 6 subjects (6/8, 75.0%) with pN2 were COX-2 positive. There was a correlation between COX-2 positivity and the extent (pN1 or pN2) of lymph node metastasis (P=0.008). The 5-year cause-specific survival rate was 84.0% for COX-2-positive subjects and 71.7% for COX-2-negative subjects. However, the difference in survival rate was not significant (P=0.407). Seven subjects (7/46, 15.2%) were positive for both HER-2 and COX-2, and there was no statistically significant correlation between the status of HER-2 expression and that of COX-2 expression (P=0.2195). The present study failed to show any association between HER-2 or COX-2 positivity and outcome in subjects with invasive bladder cancer. However, HER-2-positive subjects tended to have a poorer outcome. This finding suggests that molecular-targeted therapy against HER-2 could be an effective therapy. Further studies involving a larger number of subjects are required.
This study sought to explore the anticancer mechanism of Picrorhizae Rhizoma (PR) extract based on network pharmacology and molecular docking. The potential chemicals of PR were screened through the Traditional Chinese Medicine Systems Pharmacology (TCMSP) database and relevant literatures. Corresponding targets of active ingredients were found with the help of the UniProtKB database, and therapeutic targets for cancer action were screened with the help of the GeneCards database. We used Cytoscape software to construct the compound-target-pathway network of PR extract. We utilized the STRING database to obtain the protein-protein interaction (PPI) network. We used DAVID database combining Gene Ontology (GO) analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analysis. Finally, molecular docking was employed for initial efficacy checking. We have identified 16 potential active components of PR through screening, involving 112 disease action targets. Utilizing the GeneCards database, 112 intersecting targets between PR extract and cancer were found, which mainly exerts anticancer effects by regulating tumor necrosis factor (TNF), recombinant caspase 3 (CASP3), c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase (JNK)/JUN, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and estrogen receptor-1 (ESR1) with some other target genes and pathways associated with cancer. The major anticancer species are prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, small cell lung cancer, etc. In the molecular docking study, herbactin had a strong affinity for TNF. Based on network pharmacology and molecular docking studies, PR and their compounds have demonstrated potential anticancer activities against several key targets. Our preliminary findings provide a strong foundation for further experiments with PR constituents.
BACKGROUND: T-cell-engaging CD3-bispecific antibodies (CD3-bsAbs) are promising modalities for cancer immunotherapy. Although this therapy has reached clinical practice for hematological malignancies, the absence of sufficient infiltrating T cells is a major barrier for efficacy in solid tumors. In this study, we exploited oncolytic reovirus as a strategy to enhance the efficacy of CD3-bsAbs in immune-silent solid tumors. METHODS: The mutant p53 and K-ras induced murine pancreatic cancer model KPC3 resembles human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas with a desmoplastic tumor microenvironment, low T-cell density and resistance to immunotherapy. Immune-competent KPC3 tumor-bearing mice were intratumorally injected with reovirus type 3 Dearing strain and the reovirus-induced changes in the tumor microenvironment and spleen were analyzed over time by NanoString analysis, quantitative RT-PCR and multicolor flow cytometry. The efficacy of reovirus in combination with systemically injected CD3-bsAbs was evaluated in immune-competent mice with established KPC3 or B16.F10 tumors, and in the close-to-patient human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)(+) breast cancer model BT474 engrafted in immunocompromised mice with human T cells as effector cells. RESULTS: Replication-competent reovirus induced an early interferon signature, followed by a strong influx of natural killer cells and CD8(+) T cells, at the cost of FoxP3(+) Tregs. Viral replication declined after 7 days and was associated with a systemic activation of lymphocytes and the emergence of intratumoral reovirus-specific CD8(+) T cells. Although tumor-infiltrating T cells were mostly reovirus-specific and not tumor-specific, they served as non-exhausted effector cells for the subsequently systemically administered CD3-bsAbs. Combination treatment of reovirus and CD3-bsAbs led to the regression of large, established KPC3, B16.F10 and BT474 tumors. Reovirus as a preconditioning regimen performed significantly better than simultaneous or early administration of CD3-bsAbs. This combination treatment induced regressions of distant lesions that were not injected with reovirus, and systemic administration of both reovirus and CD3-bsAbs also led to tumor control. This suggests that this therapy might also be effective for metastatic disease. CONCLUSIONS: Oncolytic reovirus administration represents an effective strategy to induce a local interferon response and strong T-cell influx, thereby sensitizing the tumor microenvironment for subsequent CD3-bsAb therapy. This combination therapy warrants further investigation in patients with non-inflamed solid tumors.
BACKGROUND: Extramammary Paget's disease (EMPD) is a rare malignancy without established systemic therapy. EMPD shares molecular features with breast cancer, such as human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and hormone receptor (HR) expression, but their clinical relevance remains unclear. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Tumors from 20 metastatic invasive EMPD cases were analyzed for molecular and biological features. Genomic features, transcriptomic profiles, and HER2 and HR expression status were investigated using immunohistochemistry, fluorescence in situ hybridization, and targeted-genome next-generation sequencing and nCounter BC360 panels. Metastatic breast cancer samples were used as a comparison to clarify metastatic EMPD's clinical relevance. RESULTS: Estrogen receptor expression was observed in 45% of EMPD tumors, while only 10% expressed progesterone receptor. HER2 was overexpressed in 30% of cases, and HER2-directed therapies were durably effective. Among 8 patients with NGS data, 63% (5/8) harbored oncogenic ERBB2 alterations independent of HER2 expression. BC360 profiling revealed biological differences between EMPD and breast cancer, particularly poor biological compatibility for HR-positive tumors. Immune profiling showed that a subset of EMPD tumors exhibited CD8+ T-cell signatures and PD-1/PD-L1 gene expression comparable to triple-negative breast cancer. The median overall survival was 22.1 months (95% CI, 12.0-42.2), with 16 patients (80%) treated with systemic therapy, including anti-HER2 therapy, hormonal therapy, or cytotoxic therapies based on their molecular features. CONCLUSIONS: This study highlights the unique molecular and biological features of metastatic EMPD, emphasizing the need for tailored treatment approaches. This information should be used to guide future clinical strategies for metastatic EMPD.
Our previous studies have shown that HOXB7 mRNA is overexpressed in approximately 50% of invasive breast carcinomas and promotes tumor progression in breast cancer cells grown as xenografts in mice. In silico analysis of published microarray data showed that high levels of HOXB7 predict a poor outcome in HER-2-positive (P = 0.046), but not in HER-2-negative breast cancers (P = 0.94). To study the function of HOXB7 in vivo in the context of HER-2 overexpression, we generated mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV)-Hoxb7 transgenic mice, and then crossed them with MMTV-HER-2/neu transgenic mice. In the mice carrying both Hoxb7 and HER-2/neu transgenes, Hoxb7 plays a dual role in mammary tumorigenesis. In double transgenic mice, overexpression of Hoxb7 delayed tumor onset and lowered tumor multiplicity. However, consistent with the clinical data, once the tumors appeared, their growth was faster and metastasis to the lungs occurred at a higher frequency. Our data show, for the first time, that deregulated expression of Hoxb7 in mammary tumor cells can significantly modulate HER-2/neu-oncogene induced tumorigenesis in vivo.
Introduction: Increasingly, identification of BRAF mutation in colorectal cancer is used to guide management and predict cancer behaviour. There is, however, still significant diversity within this cohort of patients, both in terms of clinical phenotype and treatment outcomes. This may be explained, at least in part, by differences between classes of BRAF mutations and the presence of concomitant mutations. Methods: We present a retrospective cohort study of sequential patients diagnosed with BRAF-mutated (V600 and non-V600) colorectal cancer between 2014 and 2022. Information regarding presentation, treatment outcomes and molecular subtype was identified using the electronic medical record. Results: This study included 406 patients with BRAF-mutated colorectal cancer, 253 (228 (V600)BRAF) of whom had localised disease and 153 (137 (V600)BRAF) with metastatic disease at the time of diagnosis. In patients with localised disease at diagnosis, the (V600)BRAF mutation was associated with older median age (73 vs. 63 years, p = 0.04) and a higher prevalence of right-sided primary (73% vs. 40%, p < 0.01), mismatch repair deficiency (56% vs. 8%, p < 0.01), and faster time to disease relapse (p = 0.006). In the metastatic setting, (non-V600)BRAF mutation was associated with a higher prevalence of KRAS mutation (27% vs. 1%, p < 0.01), NRAS mutation (14% vs. 3%, p = 0.04) and PIK3CA mutation (33% vs. 8%, p = 0.02). Mismatch repair deficiency was more common in patients with (V600)BRAF mutations than in those with (non-V600)BRAF mutations (20% vs. 0%, p = 0.01). The median survival of patients with the (V600)BRAF mutation was 14 months, and 34 months in those with (non-V600)BRAF mutations. Concomitant RNF43 mutation in metastatic disease, was associated with a significantly higher incidence of disease control from combined BRAF and EGFR inhibition, when compared to those without an RNF43 mutation (100% vs. 54%, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Presentation and outcomes of BRAF-mutated colorectal cancer are heterogenous. The type of BRAF mutation, and the presence of concomitant RNF43 mutation, may explain some of the differences in cancer behaviour. Routine reporting of RNF43 mutations would assist clinicians to give more personalised treatment recommendations.
Intertumor heterogeneity has been proposed as a potential mechanism to account for variability in cognitive performance in women diagnosed with breast cancer. The purpose of this study was to explore associations between variation in pathologic tumor features (PTFs) and variability in preadjuvant therapy cognitive performance in postmenopausal women newly diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer. Participants (N = 329) completed a comprehensive battery of neuropsychological tests to evaluate cognitive performance after primary surgery but prior to initiation of adjuvant anastrozole+/-chemotherapy. PTF data were abstracted from medical records. Robust multiple linear regression models were fit to estimate associations between individual PTFs and the cognitive function composite domain scores. All models controlled for age, estimated intelligence, and levels of depressive symptoms, anxiety, fatigue, and pain. Diagnosis of a HER2-positive tumor contributed to poorer verbal (b = -0.287, P = 0.018), visual (b = -0.270, P = 0.001), and visual working (b = -0.490, P < 0.001) memory performance compared to diagnosis of a HER2-negative tumor. Similarly, as HER2 immunohistochemistry classification score increased, verbal (b = -0.072, P = 0.093), visual (b = -0.081, P = 0.003), and visual working (b = -0.170, P < 0.001) memory performance score decreased. Associations with performance were also noted between location, focality/centricity, hormone receptor expression, cellular proliferation (i.e., Ki67), and Oncotype DX((R)) Breast Cancer Assay Recurrence Score((R)) .) Our results suggest that certain PTFs related to more aggressive tumor phenotypes or inferior breast cancer prognosis may be implicated in poorer preadjuvant therapy cognitive performance. Follow-up studies that include a cognitive assessment before primary surgery should be conducted to further delineate the role of intertumor heterogeneity on cognitive performance.
BACKGROUND: HER2 overexpression/amplification has been reported to be a predictor of prognosis in breast cancer and a potential marker for selecting the optimal adjuvant chemotherapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: HER2 expression and its interaction with treatment were retrospectively evaluated in 266 of 348 patients in a trial comparing adjuvant CMF (cyclophosphamide/methotrexate/5-fluorouracil) with weekly epirubicin in stage I/II breast cancer. HER2 expression was determined by immunohistochemistry (IHC) using the monoclonal antibody CB11. Initially, any cell showing definite membrane staining was counted, and HER2 overexpression was analyzed as a continuous variable and as a dichotomous variable, with a cutoff of > 50% of positively stained cells. Subsequently, the same slides were reanalyzed with the HercepTest. RESULTS: Of the 266 tumors immunostained for HER2, 34% exhibited nearly homogeneous staining with > 50% positive cells. When the HercepTest was applied, 8% of tumors were IHC 3+ and 8% were IHC 2+. At 8 years, no statistically significant difference in relapse-free survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS) was observed between the treatment arms in patients with low versus high HER2 overexpression, although the number of events is low. The OS was statistically shorter in patients with high HER2 overexpression in the CMF arm, whereas no difference was observed in the epirubicin arm, suggesting that patients whose cancer overexpresses HER2 could benefit more from anthracycline-based therapy. CONCLUSION: HER2 overexpression was associated with a poorer OS but not a poorer RFS. However, a Cox regression model did not confirm the prognostic role of HER2 for OS.
BACKGROUND: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer mortality. Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) comprises up to 90% of all lung cancers. Conventional treatment for advanced NSCLC consists of chemotherapy and has a small impact on survival. Molecular targets, such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), involved in cell signaling have led to the development of new, targeted therapies over the past 15 years. METHODS: Using a case report from our clinical practice, we review the literature and provide guidelines to the approach and management of advanced EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC. RESULTS: Targeted and/or biologic (small molecules or monoclonal antibodies) cancer therapies have vaulted to the forefront of clinical research and therapeutic use. Our recommendation, backed by strong scientific evidence, is to treat patients with advanced or recurrent NSCLC harboring activating EGFR mutation with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) as early as possible. Erlotinib is currently the drug of choice in the United States, although afatinib, due to its recent approval by the US Food and Drug Administration, will soon be available. CONCLUSIONS: Improved understanding of cell signaling pathways that control cellular proliferation, differentiation, and survival combined with our increased ability to screen for specific mutations that drive malignant transformation and oncogenic behavior, has altered our treatment of advanced NSCLC. We can now provide a more individualized approach associated with improved progression-free survival and quality of life.
BACKGROUND: Cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 inhibitors (CDK4/6i) combined with endocrine therapy (ET) are currently recommended by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines and the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) guidelines as the first-line (1 L) treatment for patients with hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative, locally advanced/metastatic breast cancer (HR+/HER2- LABC/mBC). Although there are many treatment options, there is no clear standard of care for patients following 1 L CDK4/6i. Understanding the real-world effectiveness of subsequent therapies may help to identify an unmet need in this patient population. This systematic literature review qualitatively synthesized effectiveness and safety outcomes for treatments received in the real-world setting after 1 L CDK4/6i therapy in patients with HR+/ HER2- LABC/mBC. METHODS: MEDLINE(R), Embase, and Cochrane were searched using the Ovid(R) platform for real-world evidence studies published between 2015 and 2022. Grey literature was searched to identify relevant conference abstracts published from 2019 to 2022. The review was conducted in accordance with PRISMA guidelines (PROSPERO registration: CRD42023383914). Data were qualitatively synthesized and weighted average median real-world progression-free survival (rwPFS) was calculated for NCCN/ESMO-recommended post-1 L CDK4/6i treatment regimens. RESULTS: Twenty records (9 full-text articles and 11 conference abstracts) encompassing 18 unique studies met the eligibility criteria and reported outcomes for second-line (2 L) treatments after 1 L CDK4/6i; no studies reported disaggregated outcomes in the third-line setting or beyond. Sixteen studies included NCCN/ESMO guideline-recommended treatments with the majority evaluating endocrine-based therapy; five studies on single-agent ET, six studies on mammalian target of rapamycin inhibitors (mTORi) +/- ET, and three studies with a mix of ET and/or mTORi. Chemotherapy outcomes were reported in 11 studies. The most assessed outcome was median rwPFS; the weighted average median rwPFS was calculated as 3.9 months (3.3-6.0 months) for single-agent ET, 3.6 months (2.5-4.9 months) for mTORi +/- ET, 3.7 months for a mix of ET and/or mTORi (3.0-4.0 months), and 6.1 months (3.7-9.7 months) for chemotherapy. Very few studies reported other effectiveness outcomes and only two studies reported safety outcomes. Most studies had heterogeneity in patient- and disease-related characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: The real-world effectiveness of current 2 L treatments post-1 L CDK4/6i are suboptimal, highlighting an unmet need for this patient population.
This review discusses the topic of prevention of brain metastases from the most frequent solid tumor types, i.e., lung cancer, breast cancer and melanoma. Within each tumor type, the risk of brain metastasis is related to disease status and molecular subtype (i.e., EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer, HER2-positive and triple-negative breast cancer, BRAF and NRAF-mutant melanoma). Prophylactic cranial irradiation is the standard of care in patients in small cell lung cancer responsive to chemotherapy but at the price of late neurocognitive decline. More recently, several molecular agents with the capability to target molecular alterations driving tumor growth have proven as effective in the prevention of secondary relapse into the brain in clinical trials. This is the case for EGFR-mutant or ALK-rearranged non-small cell lung cancer inhibitors, tucatinib and trastuzumab-deruxtecan for HER2-positive breast cancer and BRAF inhibitors for melanoma. The need for screening with an MRI in asymptomatic patients at risk of brain metastases is emphasized.
INTRODUCTION: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second most common cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Although overall survival for CRC patients has improved with earlier screening, survival continues to vary substantially across stages. Also, while the introduction of targeted therapies, including VEGF and EGFR inhibitors, has contributed to improving survival, better tools are needed to optimize patient selection and maximize therapeutic benefits. Emerging biomarkers can be used to guide pharmacologic decision-making, as well as monitor treatment response, clarify the need for adjuvant therapies, and indicate early signs of recurrence. This is a narrative review examining the current and evolving use of predictive and prognostic biomarkers in colorectal cancer. AREAS COVERED: Areas covered include mutations of the MAPK (KRAS, BRAF) and HER2 pathways and their impacts on treatment decisions. In addition, novel methods for assessing tumor mutations and tracking treatment responses are examined. EXPERT OPINION: The standard of care pathway for staging, and treatment selection and surveillance, of CRC will expand to include novel biomarkers in the next 5 years. It is anticipated that these new biomarkers will assist in decision-making regarding selection of targeted therapies and, importantly, in risk stratification for treatment decisions in patients at high risk for recurrence.
BACKGROUND: The chicken chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) model is a potential alternative to the mouse model based on the 3R principles. However, its value for determination of the in vivo behaviors of radiolabeled peptides through positron emission tomography (PET) imaging needed investigation. Herein, the chicken CAM tumor models were established, and their feasibility was evaluated for evaluating the imaging properties of radiolabeled peptides using a (68)Ga-labeled HER2 affibody. METHODS: Two human breast cancer cell lines were inoculated into chicken CAM and mice, respectively. The tumor-targeting potential and pharmacokinetic profile of a (68)Ga-labeled affibody, (68)Ga-MZHER, in both tumor models were also determined. RESULTS: The tumor-formation time in chicken CAM model was shorter than that of mouse model. The uptake values of human epithelial growth factor receptor-2 (HER2)-positive Bcap37 tumors in chicken CAM and mouse models were 5.36 +/- 0.26% ID/g and 5.26 +/- 0.43% ID/g at 30 min postinjection of (68)Ga-MZHER, respectively. At the same time points, the uptake values of HER2-negative MDA-MB-231 tumors in the chicken CAM models and mouse models were 1.57 +/- 0.15% ID/g and 1.67 +/- 0.25% ID/g, respectively. Ex vivo biodistribution confirmed that more radioactivity accumulated in Bcap37 tumors than in MDA-MD-231 tumors in both CAM and mouse models. CONCLUSION: In this study, the CAM tumor model was successfully prepared. The chicken CAM model is a novel tool for quickly determining the in vivo properties of radiolabeled peptides targeting biomarkers. It may be beneficial for early monitoring of the therapeutic effect of a new drug through PET imaging with specific peptides.
PURPOSE: To explore the efficacy and safety of 125I radioactive seed implantation combined with epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: 108 patients with EGFR mutation-positive unresectable advanced NSCLC (stage IIIB-IV) were randomly divided into 125I group (treated with 125I radioactive seed implantation combined with EGFR-TKIs, n=54) and EGFR-TKIs group (treated with EGFR-TKIs alone, n=54). The short-term efficacy and adverse reactions were analyzed and evaluated, the changes in the levels of peripheral blood T lymphocyte subsets, natural killer (NK) cells and related immune-inflammatory factors were analyzed, and the long-term survival and progression of disease were recorded. RESULTS: The objective response rate was 61.1% (33/54) and 51.9% (28/54), and the disease control rate was 88.9% (48/54) and 68.5% (37/54), respectively, in 125I group and EGFR-TKIs group. At 6 months after treatment, the levels of peripheral blood cluster of differentiation 3+ (CD3+), CD4+, CD4+/CD8+ and NK cells significantly rose in both groups compared with those before treatment (p<0.05), while the levels of CD8+, serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and IL-10 significantly declined compared with those before treatment. The 2-year overall survival (OS) rate was 53.7% (29/54) and 40.7% (22/54), and the median progression-free survival (PFS) was 14.5 months and 9.8 months, respectively, in 125I group and EGFR-TKIs group. CONCLUSIONS: 125I radioactive seed implantation combined with EGFR-TKIs is safe and effective in the treatment of advanced NSCLC, and its short-term efficacy and long-term survival rate of patients are significantly superior to those of EGFR-TKIs alone. At the same time, it can regulate the expressions of T lymphocyte subsets, NK cells and immune-inflammatory factors in patients, and improve their immune function.
BACKGROUND: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) features a poor prognosis, which is partially attributed to its high metastatic rate. However, there is no effective target for systemic TNBC therapy due to the absence of estrogen, progesterone, and human epidermal growth factor 2 receptors (ER, PR, and HER-2, respectively) in cancer. In the present study, we evaluated the role of sphingosine kinase 2 (SphK2) and its catalyst sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) in TNBC metastasis and the effect of the SphK2-specific inhibitor ABC294640 on TNBC metastasis. METHODS: The function of SphK2 and S1P in TNBC cell metastasis was evaluated using transwell migration and wound-healing assays. The molecular mechanism of SphK2/S1P mediating TNBC metastasis was investigated using Western blot, histological examination, and immunohistochemistry assays. The antitumor activity of ABC294640 was examined in an in vivo TNBC lung metastatic model. RESULTS: Sphingosine kinase 2 promoted TNBC cell migration through the generation of S1P. Targeting SphK2 with ABC294640 inhibited TNBC lung metastasis in vivo. p21-activated kinase 1 (PAK1), p-Lin-11/Isl-1/Mec-3 kinase 1 (LIMK1), and Cofilin1 were the downstream signaling molecules of SphK2/S1P. Inhibition of PAK1 suppressed SphK2/S1P-induced TNBC cell migration. CONCLUSION: Sphingosine kinase 2/sphingosine-1-phosphate promotes TNBC metastasis through the activation of the PAK1/LIMK1/Cofilin1 signaling pathway. ABC294640 inhibits TNBC metastasis in vivo and could be developed as a novel agent for the clinical treatment of TNBC.
Air embolism is a rare, fatal complication of computed tomography (CT)-guided transthoracic needle biopsy (TTNB) of the lung. Here, we report a patient who developed an air embolism after CT-guided TTNB, which led to ST-elevation myocardial infarction and acute cerebral ischemia. The patient recovered completely without critical sequelae and was diagnosed with adenocarcinoma harboring activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation. The patient responded to subsequent treatment with gefitinib. KEY POINTS: SIGNFICANT FINDINGS OF THE STUDY: Air embolism is a rare, fatal complication of CT-guided transthoracic lung biopsy. Only a few cases have been previously reported where myocardial and cerebral infarction occurred after TTNB, demonstrated not only on CT scan, but also electrocardiogram and electroencephalogram. WHAT THIS STUDY ADDS: Detection of driver gene mutation is crucial for planning lung cancer treatment. Despite the need for tissue biopsy, air embolism propagation to vital organs could result in severe end-organ damage and multidisciplinary approaches are needed to improve initial outcomes.
The biological characteristics, activating ligands, functions, and signal transduction pathways of the various transmembrane epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) are described elsewhere (1-3). The EGFRs are known to regulate the growth, survival, differentiation, and migration of cells through the activation of an associated intracellular tyrosine kinase (TK) signaling pathway, and they are overexpressed in many malignant epithelial tumors (2, 3). Overexpression of the EGFR in tumors has been attributed to cellular amplification of the receptor gene, and this phenomenon may result in the production of a mutated receptor in the cell (2, 4). In addition, overexpression of the EGFR in tumors usually indicates a poor clinical prognosis for a cancer patient (4). The most common mutation observed in the receptor is the deletion of an extracellular domain segment of the EGFR, including the ligand-binding region, and this generates a variant known as EGFRvIII or de2-7 EGFR (2, 4). The generation, structure, functions, and role of EGFRvIII in tumor malignancy was reviewed by Gan et al. (5). Although EGFRvIII is nonresponsive to a ligand due to the absence of a ligand-binding site, it is constitutively active with a constantly operating downstream TK signal transduction pathway that appears to promote the development of a neoplastic phenotype, particularly for glioblastoma and to some extent for other cancers such as those of the prostate and the breast (2, 6). Because the EGFR promotes and helps maintain transformed cells, several anti-EGFR antibodies that inhibit the activity of this receptor and small molecule drugs that block the downstream TK signaling pathway were developed and have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of certain cancers (2). The antibodies are designed to target the extracellular domain of the receptor, block ligand binding, and inhibit activation of the TK signal transduction pathway, which leads to downregulation of the EGFR on the cell surface. However, because EGFRvIII lacks the ligand-binding region on the extracellular domain, these antibodies cannot obstruct the constitutive mutant receptor activity (2). Hence, a monoclonal antibody (mAb), designated mAb806 and specifically targets the EGFRvIII, was generated and has been characterized in preclinical studies (7, 8). Subsequently, a chimeric form of the mAb (chAb), designated ch806, was developed and evaluated in a phase I clinical trial involving patients with cancerous tumors that overexpressed the EGFRvIII. Results from this trial indicated that ch806 can be a suitable biotherapeutic agent to treat cancers (4). Various studies performed with mAb806 or ch806 are described in separate chapters of MICAD. Studies are also in progress with another anti-EGFRvIII mAb, L8A4, to develop a radioimmunotherapeutic (RIT) agent for the treatment of cancer (9, 10). In a recent study, the use of acyclic ([(R)-2-amino-3-(4-isothiocyanatophenyl)propyl]-trans-(S,S)-cyclohexane-1,2-diamine-pentaacetic acid (CHX-A''-DTPA) and 2-(4-isothiocyanatobenzyl)-6-methyldiethylene-triaminepentaacetic acid (1B4M-DTPA) as well as the macrocyclic ligands (S)-2-(4-isothiocyanatobenzyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-tetraacetic acid (C-DOTA) and alpha-(5-isothiocyanato-2-methoxyphenyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid (MeO-DOTA) was evaluated for the labeling of L8A4 with (177)Lu, which was considered suitable to generate an RIT agent against cancer (10). The characteristics of the various (177)Lu-labeled conjugates of L8A4 ([(177)Lu]-CHX-A''-DTPA-L8A4, [(177)Lu]-1B4M-DTPA-L8A4, [(177)Lu]-C-DOTA-L8A4, and [(177)Lu]-MeO-DOTA-L8A4) were compared to the characteristics of L8A4 labeled with N-succinimidyl 4-guanidinomethyl-3-[(125)I]iodobenzoate ([(125)I]SGMIB-L8A4) under in vitro (9) and in vivo (10) conditions. This chapter describes results obtained from the in vitro and the biodistribution studies performed with [(177)Lu]-C-DOTA-L8A4 in athymic mice bearing subcutaneous U87MG.EGFR cell glioma xenograft tumors. Results obtained with [(125)I]SGMIB-L8A4, [(177)Lu]-1B4M-DTPA-L8A4, [(177)Lu]-CHX-A''-DTPA-L8A4 , and [(177)Lu]-MeO-DOTA-L8A4 are presented in separate chapters of MICAD (www.micad.nih.gov) (11-14).
Altered lipid metabolism has been linked to cancer development and progression. Several roles have been attributed to the increased saturation and length of lipid acyl tails observed in tumors, but its effect on signaling receptors is still emerging. In this work, we have analyzed the lipid dependence of the ErbB2 growth factor receptor dimerization that plays an important role in the pathogenesis of breast cancer. We have performed coarse-grain ensemble molecular dynamics simulations to comprehensively sample the ErbB2 monomer-dimer association. Our results indicate a dynamic dimer state with a complex conformational landscape that is modulated with increasing lipid tail length. We resolve the native N-terminal "active" and C-terminal "inactive" conformations in all membrane compositions. However, the relative population of the N-terminal and C-terminal conformers is dependent on length of the saturated lipid tails. In short-tail membranes, additional non-specific dimers are observed which are reduced or absent in long-tailed bilayers. Our results indicate that the relative population as well as the structure of the dimer state is modulated by membrane composition. We have correlated these differences to local perturbations of the membrane around the receptor. Our work is an important step in characterizing ErbB dimers in healthy and diseased states and emphasize the importance of sampling lipid dynamics in understanding receptor association.
INTRODUCTION: Abnormal expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) contributes to tumor development, especially in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Although multiple inhibitors have been developed to target diverse EGFR mutations and several have been approved, the inevitable drug resistance and side effect remain a challenge, which motivates novel strategies. Proteolysis-targeting chimeras (PROTACs) have been gaining momentum for their potential as novel therapeutics for human diseases by triggering protein degradation. To date, various potent and specific EGFR PROTACs have been discovered and some of them have entered clinical trials. AREAS COVERED: This review provides an overview of EGFR degraders in patents from 2016 to 2022. It provides an update of the discovery strategies, chemical structures, and molecular profiling of all available EGFR PROTACs. SciFinder, PubMed, Web of Science, EPO, and CNIPA databases were used for searching the literature and patents for EGFR PROTACs. EXPERT OPINION: By employing the PROTAC technology, highly potent and selective EGFR degraders based on four generation EGFR inhibitors have been developed, which offer a new strategy to target EGFR mutations and overcome the drug resistance. Despite the satisfactory result in vitro and in vivo studies, their therapeutic value awaits more rigorous preclinical testing and clinical investigation.
Metastatic breast cancer (BC) to the cervix is relatively rare among women with BC. Although the most common histopathological type of BC is invasive ductal carcinoma, invasive lobular carcinoma is more likely to metastasize to the female reproductive system due to its characteristic of the loss of E-cadherin. BC patients with metastasis to the cervix often exhibit no obvious clinical symptoms or may present with cervical-related symptoms, making early diagnosis challenging. CDK4/6 inhibitors, when combined with either aromatase inhibitors or fulvestrant, can enhance the prognosis for both premenopausal and postmenopausal women with recurrent ER-positive BC. We reported a patient with cervical metastasis of BC, who was ER-positive and HER2-negative. The patient received treatment with fulvestrant and abemaciclib after surgery for metastatic cervical cancer, achieving a progression-free survival of 31 months. We hope this case report will encourage more clinicians to prioritize gynecological examinations for patients with BC, particularly cervical cancer screening, in order to enhance the quality of life and prognosis for these individuals.
Omics-based technology platforms have made new kinds of cancer profiling tests feasible. There are several valuable examples in clinical practice, and many more under development. A concerted, transparent process of discovery with lock-down of candidate assays and classifiers and clear specification of intended clinical use is essential. The Institute of Medicine has now proposed a three-stage scheme of confirming and validating analytical findings, validating performance on clinical specimens, and demonstrating explicit clinical utility for an approvable test (Micheel et al., Evolution of translational omics: lessons learned and path forward, 2012).
Combination of chemotherapy and photodynamic therapy has emerged as a promising anticancer strategy. Polysaccharide-based nanoparticles are being intensively explored as drug carriers for different forms of combination therapy. In this study, novel multifunctional polysaccharide-based nanocomplexes were prepared from aldehyde-functionalized hyaluronic acid and hydroxyethyl chitosan via sequential self-assembly method. Stable nanocomplexes were obtained through both Schiff's base bond and electrostatic interactions. Chemotherapeutics doxorubicin and pro-photosensitizer 5-aminolevulinic acid were chemically conjugated onto the nanocomplexes via Schiff base linkage. Anti-HER2 antibody as targeting moiety was decorated onto the surface of nanocomplexes. The obtained near-spherical shaped nanocomplexes had an average size of 140 nm and a zeta potential of -24.6 mV, and displayed pH-responsive surface charge reversal and drug release. Active targeting strategy significantly enhanced the cellular uptake of nanocomplexes and combined anticancer efficiency of chemo-photodynamic dual therapy in breast cancer MCF-7 cells. These results suggested that the nanocomplexes had great potential for targeted combination therapy of breast cancer.
Based on immunohistochemistry (IHC) and in situ hybridization (ISH), HER2-low breast cancers (BC) subtype-defined as IHC1+ or IHC2+/ISH- tumors-emerged and represent more than half of all BC. We evaluated the performance of NGS for integrated molecular characterization of HER2-low BC, including identification of actionable molecular targets, copy number variation (CNV), and microsatellite instability (MSI) analysis. Thirty-one BC specimens (11 HER2+, 10 HER2-, and 10 HER2-low) were routinely analyzed using IHC and ISH, and were selected and analyzed using NGS for gene mutations including ESR1, PIK3CA, AKT1, ERBB2, TP53, BRCA1, and BRCA2, CNV, and MSI. CNV values for the ERBB2 gene were significantly (p < 0.001) different between HER2+, and either HER2-low or HER2- tumors with mean values of 7.8 (SD = 6.8), 1.9 (SD = 0.3), and 2.0 (SD = 0.3), respectively. Using 3.25 as the cutoff value, 96.8% overall concordance of HER2 status was achieved between IHC and NGS compared to IHC and ISH. Using NGS, gene mutations and amplifications were detected in 68% (21/31) and 19% (6/31) of the cases, respectively. One case of MSI was detected in a HER2-negative and ISH unamplified case. Beside IHC, NGS allows the identification of HER2-low subtype simultaneously, with the detection of multiple actionable gene mutations being helpful for molecular board treatment selection.
BACKGROUND: Dermatologic toxicities (DT) to targeted cancer therapy may present as inflammatory dermatoses, keratoses, and as benign and malignant squamous proliferations. METHODS: Published reports of DT with cancer therapy with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), tyrosine kinase (TK), MEK, PI3K, AKT, and BRAF inhibitors were reviewed. RESULTS: DT associated with targeted cancer therapy demonstrated similar reactions and may be grouped as (i) DT as cutaneous inflammation, and (ii) DT as cutaneous epithelial proliferation. EGFR inhibitor, cetuximab, and MEK inhibitors, selumetinib and trametinib, demonstrated papulopustular rash with a suppurative folliculitis in 83%, 93%, and 80% of the patients on therapy, respectively. Common DT with EGFR inhibitors erlotinib and tyrosine kinase inhibitor sorafenib were hand-foot skin reactions in 30-60% of patients on therapy. PI3K inhibitor BKM-120 and AKT inhibitor MK2206 produced maculopapular eruptions seen as dermal hypersensitivity reaction on the skin biopsy. RAF inhibitors vemurafenib and sorafenib were associated with a variety of cutaneous epithelial proliferations (keratosis pilaris, seborrheic keratosis, verruca vulgaris, actinic keratosis, keratoacanthoma, and squamous cell carcinoma. CONCLUSION: Various anticancer agents may target similar cellular compounds and/or cell signaling pathways thus share similar clinical and histologic features of DT. The knowledge of the overlap of DT with different types of targeted cancer therapy will assist in evaluation of cutaneous reactions.
Prior to the advent of the HER2-targeted monoclonal antibody trastuzumab, HER2+ breast cancer (BC) was considered an aggressive disease with a poor prognosis. Over the past 25 years, innovations in molecular biology, pathology, and early therapeutics have transformed the treatment landscape. With the advent of multiple HER2-directed therapies, there have been immense improvements in oncological outcomes in both adjuvant and metastatic settings. Currently, 8 HER2-targeted therapies are approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of early-stage and/or advanced/metastatic disease. Nonetheless, approximately 25% of patients develop recurrent disease or metastasis after HER2-targeted therapy and most patients with HER2+ metastatic breast cancer (MBC) die from their disease. Given the many mechanisms of resistance to HER2-directed therapy, there is a pressing need to further personalize care for patients with HER2+ MBC, by the identification of reliable predictive biomarkers, and the development of novel therapies and combination regimens to overcome therapeutic resistance. Of particular interest are established and novel antibody-drug conjugates, as well as other novel therapeutics and multifaceted approaches to harness the immune system (checkpoint inhibitors, bispecific antibodies, and vaccine therapy). Herein, we discuss standard-of-care treatment of HER2+ MBC, including the management of breast cancer brain metastases (BCBM). Furthermore, we highlight novel treatment approaches for HER2+ MBC, including endeavors to personalize therapy, and discuss ongoing controversies and challenges.
PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to evaluate disease-free survival, survival from the detection of brain metastases, overall survival, and cause of death in patients with occult brain metastases (Group I) vs. patients with symptomatic brain metastases (Group II). METHODS AND MATERIALS: In 80 HER2-positive breast cancer patients, treated with trastuzumab and cytostatic agents for metastatic disease, magnetic resonance imaging screening of the brain was performed, and in 29 patients (36%) occult brain metastasis was detected (Group I). Whole-brain radiotherapy was delivered to Group I. This first group was compared with 52 patients who had symptomatic brain metastases (Group II) and was treated the same way, at the same clinic, during the same time period. RESULTS: Median disease-free survival was 17 months in Group I and 19.9 months in Group II (p = 0.58). The median time interval between the dissemination of the disease and the detection of occult or symptomatic brain metastases was 9 and 15 months, respectively (p = 0.11). When the brain metastases were detected, the median survival was 9 and 8.78 months, respectively (p = 0.80). The median overall survival was 53 and 51 months, respectively (p = 0.94). In the group with occult brain metastases (Group I) 16% of patients died because of progression within the brain. In the group with symptomatic brain metastases (Group II) the rate of cerebral death was 48% (p = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: Whole-brain radiotherapy of occult brain metastases in HER2-positive breast cancer patients with visceral dissemination produces a three-fold decrease in cerebral deaths but does not prolong survival.
Limited data exist regarding treatment patterns and outcomes in elderly patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC). registHER is an observational study of patients (N = 1,001) with HER2-positive MBC diagnosed within 6 months of enrollment and followed until death, disenrollment, or June 2009 (median follow-up 27 months). Outcomes were analyzed by age at MBC diagnosis: younger (<65 years), older (65-74 years), elderly (>/=75 years). For progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) analyses of first-line trastuzumab versus nontrastuzumab, older and elderly patients were combined. Cox regression analyses were adjusted for baseline characteristics and treatments. Estrogen receptor/progesterone receptor status was similar across age groups. Underlying cardiovascular disease was most common in elderly patients. In patients receiving trastuzumab-based first-line treatment, elderly patients were less likely to receive chemotherapy. In trastuzumab-treated patients, incidence of left ventricular dysfunction (LVD) and congestive heart failure (CHF) (grades >/= 3) were highest in elderly patients (LVD: elderly 4.8 %, younger 2.8 %, older 1.5 %; CHF: elderly 3.2 %, younger 1.9 %, older 1.5 %). Unadjusted median PFS (months) was significantly higher in patients treated with first-line trastuzumab than those who were not (<65 years: 11.0 vs. 3.4, respectively; >/=65 years: 11.7 vs. 4.8, respectively). In patients <65 years, unadjusted median OS (months) was significantly higher in trastuzumab-treated patients; in patients >/=65 years, median OS was similar (<65 years: 40.4 vs. 25.9; >/=65 years: 31.2 vs. 28.5). In multivariate analyses, first-line trastuzumab use was associated with significant improvement in PFS across age. For OS, significant improvement was observed for patients <65 years and nonsignificant improvement for patients >/=65 years. Elderly patients with HER2-positive MBC had higher rates of underlying cardiovascular disease than their younger counterparts and received less aggressive treatment, including less first-line trastuzumab. These real-world data suggest improved PFS across all age groups and similar trends for OS.
To determine how estrogens are involved in the growth of endometrial cancer with varying degrees of differentiation, we investigated the status of p72, a novel specific coactivator for estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) activation function-1 (AF-1), AIB1, a steroid receptor coactivator amplified in breast cancer 1, erbB-2, a receptor tyrosine kinase, and ERalpha in endometrial cancer. Gene expression of ERalpha, p72, AIB1 and erbB-2 was measured in 26 samples of primary endometrial cancers by real-time RT-PCR, and their in vivo cellular effects on the transactivation function of ERalpha were examined by a transient expression assay. The mRNA levels of erbB-2 increased and those of ERalpha, p72 and AIB1 decreased with the loss of histological differentiation. Transient expression of p72, AIB1 and erbB-2 in human embryonic kidney 293T cells led to a synergistic promotion of the transactivation function of ERalpha in the presence of 17alpha-estradiol or 4-hydroxytamoxifen, an ERalpha AF-1 agonist/AF-2 antagonist, as a ligand. In conclusion, estrogen action through ERalpha AF-1 might be exerted by the increased expression of the coactivators p72 and AIB1, together with cross talk between erbB-2 and p72, to accelerate the transactivation of ERalpha AF-1 in endometrial cancer. These findings also suggest that the cooperative transactivation of ERalpha AF-1 by the overexpression of p72, AIB1 and erbB-2 might be involved in tamoxifen-stimulated growth of endometrial cancer.
PURPOSE: Given the potential savings in cost and resource utilization, several algorithms have been proposed to predict Oncotype DX recurrence score (ODX RS) using commonly acquired histopathologic variables. Although it is promising, additional independent validation of these surrogate markers is needed prior to guide the patient management. METHODS: In this retrospective study, we analyzed 305 patients with invasive breast cancer at our institution who had ODX RS available. We selected five equations that provide a surrogate measure of ODX as previously published by Klein et al. (Magee equations 1-3), Gage et al., and Tang et al. All equations used estrogen receptor status and progesterone receptor status along with different combinations of grade, proliferation indices (Ki-67, mitotic rate), HER2 status, and tumor size. RESULTS: Of all surrogate scores tested, the Magee equation 2 provided the highest correlation with ODX both with regard to raw score (Pearson's correlation coefficient = 0.66 95% CI 0.59-0.72) and categorical correlation (Cohen's kappa = 0.43, 95% CI 0.33-0.53). Although Magee equation 2 provided a way to reliably identify high-risk disease by assigning 95% of the patients with high ODX RS to either the intermediate- or high-risk group, it was unable to reliably identify the potential for patients to have intermediate- or high-risk disease by ODX (66% of such patients identified). CONCLUSIONS: Although commonly available surrogates for ODX appear to predict high-risk ODX RS, they are unable to reliably rule out the presence of patients with intermediate-risk disease by ODX. Given the potential benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy in women with intermediate-risk disease by ODX, current surrogates are unable to safely substitute for ODX. Characterizing the true recurrence risk in patients with intermediate-risk disease by ODX is critical to the clinical adoption of current surrogate markers and is an area of ongoing clinical trials.
Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) are a novel class of targeted cancer therapies with the ability to selectively deliver a cytotoxic drug to a tumor cell using a monoclonal antibody linked to a cytotoxic payload. The technology of ADCs allows for tumor-specificity, improved efficacy, and decreased toxicity compared to standard chemotherapy. Common toxicities associated with ADC use include ocular, pulmonary, hematologic, and neurologic toxicities. Several ADCs have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the management of patients with recurrent or metastatic gynecologic cancers, a population with poor outcomes and limited effective treatment options. The first FDA-approved ADC for recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer was tisotumab vedotin, a tissue factor-targeting agent, after demonstrating response in the innovaTV 204 trial. Mirvetuximab soravtansine targets folate receptor alpha and is approved for use in patients with folate receptor alpha-positive, platinum-resistant, epithelial ovarian cancer based on results from the SORAYA trial. While there are no FDA-approved ADCs for the treatment of uterine cancer, trastuzumab deruxtecan, an anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) agent, is actively being investigated. In this review, we will describe the structure and mechanism of action of ADCs, discuss their toxicity profiles, review ADCs both approved and under investigation for the management of gynecologic cancers, and discuss mechanisms of ADC resistance.
BACKGROUND: Sunvozertinib is an oral, irreversible, and selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor that has a favourable safety profile and encouraging antitumour activity, as shown in phase 1 studies of patients with heavily pretreated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutation (exon20ins). We aimed to assess the antitumour efficacy of sunvozertinib in patients with platinum-pretreated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR exon20ins. METHODS: WU-KONG6 is a single-group, open-label, multicentre phase 2 trial of sunvozertinib monotherapy, conducted across 37 medical centres in China. We enrolled adult patients with pathologically or cytologically confirmed locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC whose tumour tissue carried an EGFR exon20ins mutation. All patients had received at least one line of previous systemic therapy, with at least one line containing platinum-based chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was objective response rate (ORR), as assessed by the independent review committee. The ORR was defined as the percentage of patients who achieved complete or partial response, confirmed by two separate assessments with at least 4-week time interval, until disease progression or initiation of any new anti-cancer therapy. Enrolled patients received sunvozertinib 300 mg once daily until meeting discontinuation criteria per the protocol. Patients who received at least one dose of treatment and were evaluable for efficacy analysis were included in the primary analysis, and all patients who received at least one dose of treatment were included in the safety analysis. This study is registered with ChinaDrugTrials.org, CTR20211009, and ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT05712902, and efficacy and safety follow-up are ongoing. FINDINGS: Between July 19, 2021, and May 6, 2022, 104 patients were enrolled. At data cutoff (Oct 17, 2022), the last enrolled patient had been followed up for about 6 months. Among 97 patients evaluable for efficacy analysis, 59 (61%) patients achieved tumour response, with a confirmed ORR of 61% (95% CI 50-71). All tumour responses were partial responses. Tumour responses were observed irrespective of age, sex, smoking history, EGFR exon20ins subtypes, brain metastasis at baseline, previous lines of therapy, and history of onco-immunotherapy. In total, 19 death events occurred over a median follow-up period of 7.6 months (IQR 6.1-9.4). Sunvozertinib was well tolerated at 300 mg once daily. The most common grade 3 or worse treatment-related adverse events were blood creatine phosphokinase increased (18 [17%] of 104), diarrhoea (eight [8%]), and anaemia (six [6%]). The most common serious treatment-related adverse events were interstitial lung disease (five [5%] of 104), anaemia (three [3%]), vomiting (two [2%]), nausea (two [2%]) and pneumonia (two [2%]). INTERPRETATION: In this phase 2 study, sunvozertinib demonstrated antitumour efficacy in patients with platinum-based chemotherapy pretreated NSCLC with EGFR exon20ins, with a manageable safety profile. A multinational randomised, phase 3 study of sunvozertinib versus platinum-doublet chemotherapy in EGFR exon20ins NSCLC is ongoing (NCT05668988). FUNDING: Dizal Pharmaceutical.
Molecularly targeted cancer therapy has improved outcomes for patients with cancer with targetable oncoproteins, such as mutant EGFR in lung cancer. Yet, the long-term survival of these patients remains limited, because treatment responses are typically incomplete. One potential explanation for the lack of complete and durable responses is that oncogene-driven cancers with activating mutations of EGFR often harbor additional co-occurring genetic alterations. This hypothesis remains untested for most genetic alterations that co-occur with mutant EGFR. Here, we report the functional impact of inactivating genetic alterations of the mRNA splicing factor RNA-binding motif 10 (RBM10) that co-occur with mutant EGFR. RBM10 deficiency decreased EGFR inhibitor efficacy in patient-derived EGFR-mutant tumor models. RBM10 modulated mRNA alternative splicing of the mitochondrial apoptotic regulator Bcl-x to regulate tumor cell apoptosis during treatment. Genetic inactivation of RBM10 diminished EGFR inhibitor-mediated apoptosis by decreasing the ratio of (proapoptotic) Bcl-xS to (antiapoptotic) Bcl-xL isoforms of Bcl-x. RBM10 deficiency was a biomarker of poor response to EGFR inhibitor treatment in clinical samples. Coinhibition of Bcl-xL and mutant EGFR overcame the resistance induced by RBM10 deficiency. This study sheds light on the role of co-occurring genetic alterations and on the effect of splicing factor deficiency on the modulation of sensitivity to targeted kinase inhibitor cancer therapy.
We designed and synthesised novel quinazolinone tethered phenyl urea derivatives (6a-p) that triple target the double mutant EGFR(L858R/T790M), COX-2, and 15-LOX. Compounds (6e, 6d, 6j, 6m, and 6n) not only had low micromolar IC50 inhibitory activities against the three targets, but they also showed good selectivity for COX-2 over COX-1 and for EGFR(L858R/T790M) over wild-type EGFR. Except for 6e and 6n, all of the tested compounds inhibited the NO production significantly more potently than celecoxib, diclofenac, and indomethacin. Compounds 6i and 6k reduced ROS levels more effectively than celecoxib and diclofenac. In terms of inhibiting TNF-alpha production, 6o-treated cells showed TNF-alpha level, which is  approximately 10 times lower than celecoxib. Furthermore, 6e and 6j had the highest anticancer activity against the breast cancer cell line BT-459 with growth inhibition percentages of 67.14 and 70.07%, respectively. Docking studies confirm their favoured binding affinity. The proposed compounds could be promising multi-targeted leads.
Digital PCR (dPCR) holds immense potential for precisely detecting nucleic acid markers essential for personalized medicine. However, its broader application is hindered by high consumable costs, complex procedures, and restricted multiplexing capabilities. To address these challenges, an all-in-one dPCR system is introduced that eliminates the need for microfabricated chips, offering fully automated operations and enhanced multiplexing capabilities. Using this innovative oscillation-induced droplet generation technique, OsciDrop, this system supports a comprehensive dPCR workflow, including precise liquid handling, pipette-based droplet printing, in situ thermocycling, multicolor fluorescence imaging, and machine learning-driven analysis. The system's reliability is demonstrated by quantifying reference materials and evaluating HER2 copy number variation in breast cancer. Its multiplexing capability is showcased with a quadruplex dPCR assay that detects key EGFR mutations, including 19Del, L858R, and T790M in lung cancer. Moreover, the digital stepwise melting analysis (dSMA) technique is introduced, enabling high-multiplex profiling of seven major EGFR variants spanning 35 subtypes. This innovative dPCR system presents a cost-effective and versatile alternative, overcoming existing limitations and paving the way for transformative advances in precision diagnostics.
Deregulated expression of microRNAs has the oncogenic or tumor suppressor function in cancer. Since miRNAs in plasma are highly stable, their quantification could contribute to more precise cancer diagnosis, prognosis and therapy prediction. We have quantified expression of seven oncomiRs, namely miR-17/92 cluster (miR-17, miR-18a, miR-19a and miR-20a), miR-21, miR-27a and miR-155, in plasma of 137 breast cancer (BC) patients. We detected down-regulation of six miRNAs in patients with invasive BC compared to controls; however, only miR-20a and miR-27a down-regulations were statistically significant. Comparing miRNA expression between early and advanced stages of BC, we observed statistically significant decrease of miR-17 and miR-19a. We identified down-regulation of miR-17 and miR-20a in patients with clinical parameters of advanced BC (lymph node metastasis, tumor grade 3, circulating tumor cells, higher Ki-67-related proliferation, hormone receptor negativity and HER2 amplification), when compared to controls. Moreover, decreased level of miR-17 was found from low to high grade. Therefore, miR-17 could represent an indicator of advanced BC. Down-regulated miR-27a expression levels were observed in all clinical categories regardless of tumor progression. Hence, miR-27a could be used as a potential diagnostic marker for BC. Our data indicates that any changes in miRNA expression levels in BC patients in comparison to controls could be highly useful for cancer-associated pathology discrimination. Moreover, dynamics of miRNA expression changes could be used for BC progression monitoring.
BACKGROUND: The ACOSOG Z0011 trial demonstrated that axillary dissection (ALND) is not necessary for local control or survival in women with T1/2cN0 cancer undergoing breast-conserving therapy. There is concern about applying these results to triple-negative (TN) cancers secondary to their high local-recurrence (LR) rate. We examined the frequency of lymphovascular invasion (LVI) and nodal metastases in TN cancers to determine whether ALND can be safely avoided in this subtype. METHODS: Data were obtained from a database of patients with invasive breast cancer treated at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center from January 1998 to December 2010. A total of 11,596 tumors were classifiable into clinical surrogates for molecular subtype by immunohistochemical analysis: hormone receptor (HR)+/HER2+, HR+/HER2-, HR-/HER2+, and TN (HR-/HER2-). Multivariable logistic regression analysis (MVA) was used to determine associations between clinicopathologic variables and subtype. RESULTS: There were differences in age, tumor size, LVI, grade, and nodal involvement among groups. On MVA controlling for size, grade, and age, ER, PR, and HER2 status were significantly associated with LVI (p < 0.0001). Relative to TN tumors, HR+/HER2-, HR+/HER2+, and HR-/HER2+ tumors had higher odds of demonstrating LVI of 1.8 (odds ratio 1.8; 95 % confidence interval 1.6-2.1), 2.5 (2.5; 2.0-3.0), and 1.7 (1.7; 1.4-2.1), respectively. On MVA adjusting for size, grade, LVI, and age, TN tumors had the lowest odds of having any or high-volume nodal involvement (>/=4 nodes, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: LVI and nodal metastases were least frequent in TN cancers compared with other subtypes, despite the uniformly worse prognosis and increased LR rate in TN tumors. This suggests TN cancers spread via lymphatics less frequently than other subtypes and ALND may be avoided in TN patients meeting Z0011 eligibility criteria.
HER2(+) breast leptomeningeal carcinomatosis (HER2(+) LC) occurs when tumor cells spread to cerebrospinal fluid-containing leptomeninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord, a complication with a dire prognosis. HER2(+) LC remains incurable, with few treatment options. Currently, much effort is devoted toward development of therapies that target mutations. However, targeting epigenetic or transcriptional states of HER2(+) LC tumors might efficiently target HER2(+) LC growth via inhibition of oncogenic signaling; this approach remains promising but is less explored. To test this possibility, we established primary HER2(+) LC (Lepto) cell lines from nodular HER2(+) LC tissues. These lines are phenotypically CD326(+)CD49f(-), confirming that they are derived from HER2(+) LC tumors, and express surface CD44(+)CD24(-), a cancer stem cell (CSC) phenotype. Like CSCs, Lepto lines showed greater drug resistance and more aggressive behavior compared with other HER2(+) breast cancer lines in vitro and in vivo. Interestingly, the three Lepto lines overexpressed Jumonji domain-containing histone lysine demethylases KDM4A/4C. Treatment with JIB04, a selective inhibitor of Jumonji demethylases, or genetic loss of function of KDM4A/4C induced apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest and reduced Lepto cell viability, tumorsphere formation, regrowth, and invasion in vitro. JIB04 treatment of patient-derived xenograft mouse models in vivo reduced HER2(+) LC tumor growth and prolonged animal survival. Mechanistically, KDM4A/4C inhibition downregulated GMCSF expression and prevented GMCSF-dependent Lepto cell proliferation. Collectively, these results establish KDM4A/4C as a viable therapeutic target in HER2(+) LC and spotlight the benefits of targeting the tumorigenic transcriptional network. SIGNIFICANCE: HER2(+) LC tumors overexpress KDM4A/4C and are sensitive to the Jumonji demethylase inhibitor JIB04, which reduces the viability of primary HER2(+) LC cells and increases survival in mouse models.
BACKGROUND: Nivolumab, an immune checkpoint inhibitor, is now a standard treatment for previously treated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer based on the results from phase III clinical trials. We evaluated the real-world efficacy and safety of nivolumab in a nonselected population and identified the clinical characteristics that influence efficacy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 142 patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer who were administered nivolumab at Keio University and affiliated hospitals in Japan from January to July 2016 were enrolled. The treatment efficacy and adverse events were retrospectively reviewed, and the clinical characteristics associated with the nivolumab response were evaluated using univariate and stratified analyses and the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test. RESULTS: The objective response rate was 17.0% (95% confidence interval [CI], 12.0%-24.0%), the median progression-free survival (PFS) was 58 days (95% CI, 50-67 days), and the proportion of patients with adverse events of any grade was 45.0%. EGFR/ALK mutation status was inversely associated with the treatment response (P < .05), and the difference in PFS for the mutation-positive versus mutation-negative patients was statistically significant (49 vs. 63 days; hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-5.2; P = .029). Previous radiotherapy also had a positive association with the treatment response (P = .012). CONCLUSION: The objective response rate, PFS, and adverse event profiles were comparable to those observed in previous clinical trials. EGFR/ALK mutation-negative status and previous radiotherapy might be key clinical characteristics associated with a positive treatment response. Our findings could aid in the efficient immunotherapeutic management of lung cancer.
Breast cancer has become the most common cancer that leads to women's death. Breast cancer is a complex, highly heterogeneous disease classified into various subtypes based on histological features, which determines the therapeutic options. System identification of effective drugs for each subtype remains challenging. In this work, we present a computational network biology approach to screen precision drugs for different breast cancer subtypes by considering the impact intensity of candidate drugs on the pathway crosstalk mediated by miRNAs. Firstly, we constructed and analyzed the subtype-specific risk pathway crosstalk networks mediated by miRNAs. Then, we evaluated 36 Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved anticancer drugs by quantifying their effects on these subtype-specific pathway crosstalk networks and combining with survival analysis. Finally, some first-line treatments of breast cancer, such as Paclitaxel and Vincristine, were optimized for each subtype. In particular, we performed precision screening of subtype-specific therapeutic drugs and also confirmed some novel drugs suitable for breast cancer treatment. For example, Sorafenib was applicable for the basal subtype treatment, Irinotecan was optimum for Her2 subtype treatment, Vemurafenib was suitable for the LumA subtype treatment, and Vorinostat could apply to LumB subtype treatment. In addition, the mechanism of these optimal therapeutic drugs in each subtype of breast cancer was further dissected. In summary, our study offers an effective way to screen precision drugs for various breast cancer subtype treatments. We also dissected the mechanism of optimal therapeutic drugs, which may provide novel insight into the precise treatment of cancer and promote researches on the mechanisms of action of drugs.
BACKGROUND: the European Society of Cardiology Heart Failure Association (HFA) together with the International Cardio-Oncology Society (ICOS) proposed charts for baseline CV risk assessment of cancer patients scheduled to receive anthracyclines and anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) agents. METHODS: We investigated HFA/ICOS risk stratification, prescriptions of cardioactive drugs, and occurrence of CV events in a multicentric breast cancer (BC) cohort from 3 Italian Outpatient Cardio-Oncology Clinics. RESULTS: 373 BC patients who underwent a baseline Cardio-Oncologic evaluation were included, of whom 202 scheduled to receive anthracyclines and 171 anti-HER2. Mean age was 60 +/- 12 years and 49% of BC patients had >/=2 CV risk factors. In the anthracyclines group, 51% were at low-risk, 43% at medium-risk and 6% at high-risk; while in the anti-HER2 group, 27% patients were at low-risk, 58% at medium-risk and 15% at high-risk. In both groups, a medium-to-high risk was associated with use of cardioactive therapies (p < 0.0001). There were no LVD events in anthracycline recipients, and 16 LVD among anti-HER2 patients. A medium-to-high risk was not associated with LVD occurrence (p = 0.17). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with medium-to-high HFA/ICOS risk were more likely to receive cardioactive therapies, possibly explaining the lack of association of risk categories with LVD occurrence.
INTRODUCTION: In the KEYNOTE-024 trial, pembrolizumab demonstrated significant improvements in progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) versus Standard-of-Care (SoC) platinum-based doublets for first-line treatment of PD-L1 -positive (>/=50%) metastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) patients with no EGFR mutations or ALK translocations. This study aims to assess the cost-effectiveness of pembrolizumab versus SoC platinum-based chemotherapy from the French healthcare system perspective. METHODS: A three-state partitioned-survival model was adapted to project outcomes and costs of squamous and non-squamous NSCLC patients respectively, over a 10-year time horizon. Clinical and utility data were collected from the trial. A network meta-analysis was performed to consider platinum-based triplets also used for non-squamous NSCLC. Direct medical costs were considered based on ressources identified from the trial and literature. Costs and outcomes were discounted at 4% per year. Incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) were calculated as cost per Life Year (LY) and cost per Quality-Adjusted Life Year (QALY). Sensitivity and scenario analyses were performed to assess the robustness of results. RESULTS: For squamous NSCLC, pembrolizumab was projected to increase life expectancy of patients by 0.93 LY (11 months), and 0.74 QALY (9 months) for an incremental cost of euro62,032 compared with platinum-based doublets. The ICER of pembrolizumab versus platinum-based doublets was euro66,825/LY and euro84,097/QALY. For non-squamous NSCLC, pembrolizumab was projected to increase life expectancy of patients by 0.85-1.32 LYs (10.2-15.8 months) and 0.64-1.02 QALYs (7.7-12.2 months) for an incremental cost varying from euro-14,947-+47,064 depending on the specific comparator. The ICER of pembrolizumab versus platinum-based chemotherapy with paclitaxel plus bevacizumab was euro62,846/LY and euro78,729/QALY; regimens including pemetrexed were dominated. Results were most sensitive to extrapolations of survival outcomes and assumptions for continued effectiveness and treatment duration of pembrolizumab. CONCLUSIONS: Pembrolizumab appears cost-effective versus SoC chemotherapy for first-line treatment of PD-L1-positive (50%) metastatic NSCLC patients in France, assuming willingness-to-pay under 100,000euro/QALY (OECD threshold in the discussion section).
BACKGROUND: Trastuzumab-based chemotherapy can improve median survival in the metastatic setting when used in patients with cancer that overexpresses HER2/neu. In addition to HER2 expression, other molecular markers are needed to better predict outcomes after the initiation of trastuzumab-based chemotherapy and to elucidate potential mechanisms of resistance to trastuzumab. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with clinical documentation of HER2/neu-overexpressing metastatic breast cancer treated with trastuzumab between 1998 and 2004 were identified from the British Columbia Provincial Pharmacy Database. Tissues were obtained for microarray analysis of 153 of 306 patients who fit our clinical criteria. Tissue microarrays were constructed for the analysis of multiple molecular factors, and results were correlated to clinical outcomes. Immunohistochemistry was performed on the microarray specimens, and results were correlated with survival and time to progression. RESULTS: Factors commonly associated with poor prognosis in the metastatic setting in general, including short disease-free intervals, high tumor grade, and low estrogen receptor status, were all associated with poor survival in this population with HER2 overexpression. Overexpression of HER3 was observed in 9% of specimens and was associated with a trend toward worse overall survival (P = 0.1). HER3 expression was not correlated with a significant difference in time to progression but did trend to predict for worse survival after progression (P = 0.06). In multivariate analysis, tumor grade and HER3 expression were significantly predictive of overall survival. Phosphatase and tensin homologue status did not appear to correlate with response or survival. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that prognosis after initiation of trastuzumab-based chemotherapy depends, in part, on coexpression of HER3.
The HER2-targeted antibody-drug conjugate trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1) is approved for the treatment of metastatic, HER2-positive breast cancer after prior trastuzumab and taxane therapy, and has also demonstrated efficacy in the adjuvant setting in incomplete responders to neoadjuvant therapy. Despite its objective activity, intrinsic and acquired resistance to T-DM1 remains a major clinical challenge. T-DM1 mediates its activity in a number of ways, encompassing HER2 signalling blockade, Fc-mediated immune response and payload-mediated microtubule poisoning. Resistance mechanisms relating to each of these features have been demonstrated, and we outline the findings of these studies in this review. In our overview of the substantial literature on T-DM1 activity and resistance, we conclude that the T-DM1 resistance mechanisms most strongly supported by the experimental data relate to dysfunctional intracellular metabolism of the construct and subversion of DM1-mediated cell killing. Loss of dependence on signalling initiated by HER2-HER2 homodimers is not substantiated as a resistance mechanism by clinical or experimental studies, and the impact of EGFR expression and tumour immunological status requires further investigation. These findings are instructive with respect to strategies that might overcome T-DM1 resistance, including the use of second-generation anti-HER2 antibody-drug conjugates that deploy alternative linker-payload chemistries.
PURPOSE: The short and long-term resolution of neoplastic conditions with conventional low molecular weight chemotherapeutics is frequently restricted by limitations associated dose-dependent toxic sequelae. Penetration into neoplastic cells occurs non-selectively where their intracellular concentration following simple passive diffusion from the extracellular fluid compartment becomes essentially equivalent to levels found in normal healthy cell populations residing within tissues and organ systems. Selective "targeted" delivery of conventional low molecular weight chemotherapeutics represents one molecular strategy that can both increase potency and reduce dose-dependent toxic sequela. A second strategy is the identification of synergistic or additive combinations of chemotherapeutics and pharmaceutical agents, in addition to the discovery of re-purposed pharmaceutical agents that possess anti-cancer properties. DISCUSSION: Mebendazole evoked anti-neoplastic cytotoxicity as both a single entity, and contributed to the potency of the covalent immunoglucocorticoid, dexamethasone-(C(21)-phosphoramidate)-[anti-EGFR] when applied in a dual-combination challenge against populations of pulmonary adenocarcinoma (A549). In this capacity mebendazole demonstrated a role as a candidate re-purposed pharmaceutical that possessing potential as a [-i-] substitute alternative for conventional tubulin inhibitors in scenarios of idiosyncratic reactions, therapeutic resistance, or anticipated toxic sequelae; [-ii-] a new monotherapy; or [-iii-] a component in the design of new multi-therapeutic protocols.
AXL is a tyrosine kinase membrane receptor that signals via PI3K, MAPK, and protein kinase C (PKC), among other pathways. AXL has oncogenic potential and interacts with other membrane receptors, depending on their relative abundance and availability. The increased expression of AXL in cancer is often the result of pharmacologic selective pressure to a number of chemotherapies and targeted therapies and acts as a mechanism of acquired drug resistance. This resistance phenotype, frequently accompanied by epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, can be reversed by AXL inhibition. In tumors with high levels of EGFR, including lung, head and neck, and triple-negative breast cancer, AXL dimerizes with this receptor and initiates signaling that circumvents the antitumor effects of anti-EGFR therapies. Likewise, AXL overexpression and dimerization with EGFR can overcome PI3K inhibition by activating the phospholipase C-gamma-PKC cascade that, in turn, sustains mTORC1 activity. The causative role of AXL in inducing drug resistance is underscored by the fact that the suppression of AXL restores sensitivity to these agents. Hence, these observations indicate that AXL is selectively expressed in tumor cells refractory to therapy and that cotargeting AXL in this setting would potentially overcome drug resistance. The use of AXL inhibitors should be considered in the clinic.
Brain metastasis (BM) is associated with poor prognosis in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation reportedly enhances the development of BM. However, the exact mechanism of how EGFR-mutant NSCLC contributes to BM remains unknown. Herein, we found the protein WNT5A, was significantly downregulated in BM tissues and EGFR-mutant samples. In addition, the overexpression of WNT5A inhibited the growth, migration, and invasion of EGFR-mutant cells in vitro and retarded tumor growth and metastasis in vivo compared with the EGFR wide-type cells. We demonstrated a molecular mechanism whereby WNT5A be negatively regulated by transcription factor E2F1, and ERK1/2 inhibitor (U0126) suppressed E2F1's regulation of WNT5A expression in EGFR-mutant cells. Furthermore, WNT5A inhibited beta-catenin activity and the transcriptional levels of its downstream genes in cancer progression. Our research revealed the role of WNT5A in NSCLC BM with EGFR mutation, and proved that E2F1-mediated repression of WNT5A was dependent on the ERK1/2 pathway, supporting the notion that targeting the ERK1/2-E2F1-WNT5A pathway could be an effective strategy for treating BM in EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: GeparOcto compared efficacy and safety of two chemotherapy regimens in high-risk early breast cancer (BC): sequential treatment with intense dose-dense epirubicin, paclitaxel, and cyclophosphamide (iddEPC) and weekly treatment with paclitaxel plus non-pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (M, Myocet(R)) with additional carboplatin (PM(Cb)) in triple-negative BC (TNBC). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with cT1c-cT4a-d and centrally assessed human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER)2-positive BC or TNBC were eligible, irrespective of nodal status, luminal B-like tumours only if pN+. Patients were randomised (stratified by BC subtype, Ki67, lymphocyte-predominant BC) to receive 18 weeks of E (150 mg/m(2)) followed by P (225 mg/m(2)) followed by C (2000 mg/m(2)), each q2w for 3 cycles or weekly P (80 mg/m(2)) plus M (20 mg/m(2)) plus, in TNBC, Cb (area under curve (AUC) 1.5). HER2-positive BC patients additionally received trastuzumab (6 [loading dose 8]mg/kg q3w) and pertuzumab (420 [840]mg q3w) with all P and C cycles. Primary end-point was pathological complete response (pCR, ypT0/is ypN0), secondary end-points included other pCR definitions, pCR in stratified subpopulations, tolerability and compliance. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT02125344. RESULTS: 945/961 randomised patients started treatment. The median age was 48 years; 7.6% had cT3-4, 46% cN+, 66% G3, 40% HER2-positive, 43% TNBC. pCR rate with iddEPC was 48.3%, with PM(Cb) 48.0%, respectively (PM(Cb) versus iddEPC odds ratio 0.99; 95% confidence interval 0.77-1.28, P = 0.979) with no significant differences observed in TNBC, HER2-positive, luminal B-like subtypes. 16.4% with iddEPC and 34.1% with PM(Cb) discontinued treatment (P < 0.001), mainly due to adverse events; two patients on PM(Cb) died. CONCLUSIONS: In high-risk early BC there is no difference in pCR rates following neoadjuvant treatment with iddEPC or weekly PM(Cb), respectively. iddEPC is one of the effective dose-dense regimens feasible in daily practice.
AIMS: Characterization of breast cancer patients with micrometastases in sentinel lymph node (SLN) and establish differences between micrometastatic breast cancers with additional metastatic lymph nodes (LNS) versus no other lymph node invasion. METHODS: Analysis of 30 breast cancers, N1mi or pN0(i+), diagnosed and treated in our department from July 2000 to July 2008. RESULTS: Micrometastases in SLNs were found in 30 patients. Complete axillary dissection revealed other metastatic LNs in 24%. Concerning breast cancers with additional LN invasion versus no other LN invasion, tumors located in the superior-external quadrant were more frequent in the former group. Other characteristics as clinical presentation, histological subtype, focality, cytonuclear grade, hormone receptors and Her2 expression were not significantly different in either group. Regarding SLN invasion, the presence of at least two micrometastatic foci were significantly more relevant in patients with other metastatic LN invasion (p < 0.01). Micrometastases diagnosed only after immunohistochemistry (IHC) were exclusively found in patients without other LN invasion, reaching statistical significance (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Complete axillary dissection revealed additional LN invasion in 24% of patients with micrometastases in the SLN. Tumors with additional LN invasion were more frequently found in the superior external quadrant and SLNs harbored at least two micrometastatic foci. Micrometastases diagnosed exclusively by IHC techniques were more relevant in cases without additional lymph node invasion.
Recently, it was suggested that consensus molecular subtyping (CMS) may aide in predicting response to EGFR inhibitor (cetuximab) therapies. We recently identified that APC and TP53 as two tumor suppressor genes, when mutated, may enhance cetuximab sensitivity and may represent easily measured biomarkers in tumors or blood. Our study aimed to use APC and TP53 mutations (AP) to refine the CMS classification to better predict responses to cetuximab. In total, 433 CRC tumors were classified into CMS1-4 subtypes. The cetuximab sensitivity (CTX-S) signature scores of AP vs. non-AP tumors were determined across each of the CMS classes. Tumors harboring combined AP mutations were predominantly enriched in the CMS2 class, and to a lesser degree, in the CMS4 class. On the other hand, AP mutated CRCs had significantly higher CTX-S scores compared to non-AP CRCs across all CMS classes. Similar results were also obtained in independent TCGA tumor collections (n = 531) and in PDMR PDX/PDO/PDC models (n = 477). In addition, the in vitro cetuximab growth inhibition was preferentially associated with the CMS2 cell lines harboring A/P genotypes. In conclusion, the AP mutation signature represents a convenient biomarker that refines the CMS classification to identify CRC subpopulations predicted to be sensitive to EGFR targeted therapies.
Cetuximab, an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, is extensively used for clinical therapy in KRAS wild-type colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. However, some patients still cannot get benefit from the therapy, because metastasis and resistance occur frequently after cetuximab treatment. New adjunctive therapy is urgently needed to suppress metastasis of cetuximab-treated CRC cells. In this study, we used two KRAS wild-type CRC cells, HT29 and CaCo2, to investigate whether platycodin D, a triterpenoid saponin isolated from Chinese medicinal herb Platycodon grandifloras, is able to suppress the metastasis of cetuximab-treated CRC. Label-free quantitative proteomics analyses showed that platycodin D but not cetuximab significantly inhibited expression of beta-catenin in both CRC cells, and suggested that platycodin D counteracted the inhibition effect of cetuximab on cell adherence and functioned in repressing cell migration and invasion. Western blot results showed that single platycodin D treatment or combined platycodin D and cetuximab enhanced inhibition effects on expressions of key genes in Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway, including beta-catenin, c-Myc, Cyclin D1 and MMP-7, compared to single cetuximab treatment. Scratch wound-healing and transwell assays showed that platycodin D combined with cetuximab suppressed migration and invasion of CRC cells, respectively. Pulmonary metastasis model of HT29 and CaCo2 in nu/nu nude mice consistently showed that combined treatment using platycodin D and cetuximab inhibited metastasis significantly in vivo. Our findings provide a potential strategy to inhibit CRC metastasis during cetuximab therapy by addition of platycodin D.
BACKGROUND: This study aimed to analyze pathologic characteristics, treatment, prognosis, and tumor epidermal growth factor receptor/anaplastic large-cell lymphoma kinase (EGFR/ALK) mutation proportion of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients aged <40 years at diagnosis. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed data of NSCLC patients diagnosed at Taipei Veterans General Hospital between June 2007 and December 2014, aged <90 years at the time of the diagnosis. RESULTS: We found 5051 cases of NSCLC, including 168 patients who were <40 years (younger group) and 4883 patients aged 40 to 89 years (older group). We found that the younger group had a significantly higher proportion of the EGFR mutation (22.6% vs 16.2%, p = 0.026) and the ALK mutation (4.2% vs 0.5%, p < 0.001) than the older group. Although the younger group included more stage IV patients (60.1% vs 49.6%, p = 0.002), it had a better overall survival (OS) rate (1 year: 73.7% vs 66.2%, p = 0.043; 5 years: 44.4% vs 33.7%, p = 0.004) (median survival time: 55 vs 26 months, p = 0.002). About the histologic subtype of NSCLC, the younger group presented less frequent cases of squamous cell carcinoma (4.2% vs 16.1%, p < 0.001), whereas the adenocarcinoma subtype was similarly frequent in the two groups (76.8% vs 76.5%, p = 0.924). CONCLUSION: The OS rate in younger NSCLC patients was higher than that in the older NSCLC patients, despite the higher rate of stage IV NSCLC patients in the younger group. This survival benefit is most likely due to the higher proportion of the EGFR and ALK mutations and the corresponding tyrosine kinase inhibitor treatment.
BACKGROUND: Lung adenocarcinoma, a type of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), is the most common type of lung cancer among non-smokers. Lung adenocarcinoma in exon 19 deletion (E19del) mutation-positive cases respond well to treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). Our case demonstrates the development of resistance to first- and third-generation TKIs in a 48-year-old woman with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-positive advanced NSCLC. CASE DESCRIPTION: A 48 years old woman with no smoking history and no family history of cancer was diagnosed with EGFR mutation-positive advanced lung adenocarcinoma. Molecular analysis indicated a positive EGFR E19del mutation and a positive T790M mutation, and after two rounds of chemotherapy, the patient was treated with osimertinib for 2 years. However, the patient started to experience recurring chest discomfort, dyspnea, insomnia, and bone pain while being treated. A whole-body computed tomography (CT) scan at that time revealed metastasis of the tumor to the paraaortic lymph nodes and lumbar spine. A repeat analysis revealed that the T790M mutation had disappeared while other mutations remained unchanged, and she was switched to erlotinib as per the evidence for the use of erlotinib in osimertinib-resistant lung cancer. The patient developed cutaneous adverse reactions and, although her symptoms subsided initially for 6 months, she developed morning headaches and worsening insomnia. A repeat magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed metastasis to the frontal and occipital lobes of her brain, indicating failure of erlotinib treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Resistance development to TKIs poses a significant challenge to the treatment of EGFR mutation-positive advanced lung adenocarcinoma, owing to the scarce availability of further pharmacological agents post-TKIs. This case illustrates the significance of prompt recognition of resistance to erlotinib and osimertinib and highlights the importance of further research to prevent treatment failure and hence, to deter metastatic progression of the tumor in patients with advanced NSCLC.
Gene expression (GE) signatures and Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes (TIL) enumeration are predictive for response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in HR- and in HER2+ breast cancer, but data are conflicting in HR+/HER2- disease. This study aimed to explore their predictive value in this subset, measured both at baseline and after short exposure to chemotherapy. Specifically, the PROMIX phase 2 trial enrolled patients with locally advanced HER2- BC to receive six cycles of epirubicin and docetaxel, plus bevacizumab during cycles 3-6. Patients underwent tumor biopsies at baseline and after cycle 2 for GE profiling and enumeration of TIL, FOXP3+ T-cells and CD163+ macrophages. An immune related gene module and the quantification of the immune infiltrate were analyzed for association with pathologic complete response (pCR), decrease in tumor size and disease-free survival (DFS). Of the 150 patients enrolled in PROMIX, 113 were HR+/HER2-. Baseline GE and immune cell enumeration data were available from 71 patients, while data after 2 cycles of chemotherapy were available from 41. At baseline, only GE was statistically significantly associated with higher pCR rates (OR 2.29, 95% CI 1.05 - 5.38, p = 0.037) and decrease in tumor size (r = 0.25, p = 0.047). In contrast, longitudinal data indicate that both GE (r = 0.54, p<0.001) and TIL abundance (p = 0.009) are stronger predictors for the reduction of tumor size, while low FOXP3+ was statistically significantly associated with an improved DFS (p = 0.027). In conclusion, GE analysis, TIL and FOXP3+ enumeration after short-term exposure to chemotherapy carry important predictive information in HR+/HER2- breast cancer at the neoadjuvant setting.
We compared the breast core needle biopsy and the resection specimen with respect to estrogen (ER), progesterone (PR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status to identify predictors for discordant findings. We retrospectively collected data from 526 newly diagnosed breast cancer patients. ER, PR and HER2 status had been assessed in both the core needle biopsy and resection specimen. The assessment of ER by immunohistochemistry (IHC) in core needle biopsy was false negative in 26.5% and false positive in 6.8% of patients. For the PR status the false negative and false positive results of core needle biopsy were 29.6% and 10.3%, respectively. The results of the HER2 status, as determined by IHC and silver in situ hybridization (SISH), were false negative in 5.4% and false positive in 50.0%. We need to be aware of the problem of false negative and false positive test results in ER, PR and HER2 assessment in core needle biopsy and the potential impact on adjuvant systemic treatment. With current techniques, we recommend using the resection specimen to measure these receptors in patients without neoadjuvant treatment. A better alternative might be the use of tissue microarray, combining both core needle biopsy and resection specimen.
A 41-year-old premenopausal woman presented to the outpatient department with a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma. She noticed a lump a year back but did not seek medical attention due to many socio-cultural factors prevalent in Pakistan that prevent her from seeking medical attention earlier. She came in for a check-up after increasing in size of the lump. The bilateral mammogram showed large areas of asymmetrical density in the left upper quadrant. It was followed by an ultrasound-guided biopsy which confirmed the diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma. Due to stage 3, it was recommended to have CT and an MRI of the breast to assess the extent of the disease. Tissue immunohistochemistry was also requested, which came back as ER-positive, PR-positive, and HER2/neu negative. MRI of the breast revealed a 4.2 x 3.3cm heterogeneously enhancing asymmetric mass-like enhancement area within the left breast outer quadrant with an adjacent spiculated nodular lesion measuring 2.2 cm. CT chest/abdomen/pelvis with contrast showed left breast with minimal parenchymal asymmetry and a small 9 mm node seen in the left axilla. There was no evidence of metastasis. The patient was started on neoadjuvant therapy to minimize systemic disease, followed by mastectomy. This case highlights socio-cultural factors prevalent in Pakistan that lead to delays in the diagnosis and treatment of invasive lobular carcinoma. The outcome had been better if the patient sought medical attention sooner at an earlier stage. We also propose strategies to raise awareness in Pakistan for the timely diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer.
Dysregulation of multiple long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) was reported to play major roles in breast cancer (BC). Here we aimed to collect most of the relevant literature to assess the prognostic value of lncRNAs in BC. To this end, we systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), and Wanfang to identify published articles on the associations of lncRNAs with clinicopathology and/or survival of BC. Via this searching, we identified 70 articles involving 9,307 BC patients and regarding 48 lncRNAs. The expression of 41 lncRNAs was related to one or more clinicopathological parameters of BC, including tumor size; lymph node metastasis; histological grade; TNM stage; and estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER-2) statuses (p < 0.05). Dysregulation of 28 lncRNAs was associated with overall survival, and abnormal expression of 9 lncRNAs was linked to disease-free survival. Furthermore, the expression level of 3 lncRNAs was correlated with metastasis-free survival, 3 lncRNAs with relapse-free survival, and 3 lncRNAs with progression-free survival. Our analysis showed that multiple lncRNAs were significantly associated with BC clinicopathology and survival. A large-scale study is needed to verify the prognostic value of these lncRNAs in BC.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the ability of different technology platforms to detect epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations, including T790M, from circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A comparison of multiple platforms for detecting EGFR mutations in plasma ctDNA was undertaken. Plasma samples were collected from patients entering the ongoing AURA trial (NCT01802632), investigating the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of AZD9291 in patients with EGFR-sensitizing mutation-positive NSCLC. Plasma was collected prior to AZD9291 dosing but following clinical progression on a previous EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI). Extracted ctDNA was analyzed using two non-digital platforms (cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test and therascreen EGFR amplification refractory mutation system assay) and two digital platforms (Droplet Digital PCR and BEAMing digital PCR [dPCR]). RESULTS: Preliminary assessment (38 samples) was conducted using all four platforms. For EGFR-TKI-sensitizing mutations, high sensitivity (78-100%) and specificity (93-100%) were observed using tissue as a non-reference standard. For the T790M mutation, the digital platforms outperformed the non-digital platforms. Subsequent assessment using 72 additional baseline plasma samples was conducted using the cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test and BEAMing dPCR. The two platforms demonstrated high sensitivity (82-87%) and specificity (97%) for EGFR-sensitizing mutations. For the T790M mutation, the sensitivity and specificity were 73% and 67%, respectively, with the cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test, and 81% and 58%, respectively, with BEAMing dPCR. Concordance between the platforms was >90%, showing that multiple platforms are capable of sensitive and specific detection of EGFR-TKI-sensitizing mutations from NSCLC patient plasma. CONCLUSION: The cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test and BEAMing dPCR demonstrate a high sensitivity for T790M mutation detection. Genomic heterogeneity of T790M-mediated resistance may explain the reduced specificity observed with plasma-based detection of T790M mutations versus tissue. These data support the use of both platforms in the AZD9291 clinical development program.
Bisphenol A (BPA) is being phased out owing to its endocrine-disrupting effects and is increasingly being replaced by its substitute compounds such as bisphenol AF (BPAF). This study aims to explore the potential adverse outcomes of prenatal BPAF exposure combined with postnatal cross-fostering on the development and long-term health effects of the mammary gland in offspring. The results suggested that prenatal BPAF exposure accelerates the puberty, and induces duct dilatations, angiogenesis, lobular hyperplasia, and enhanced inflammatory cell infiltration in the mammary gland of female offspring. Differentially expressed genes exhibiting time series patterns induced by BPAF exposure were enriched in biological processes related to mammary gland development, epithelial cell proliferation and so on. Notably, 13 breast cancer-related biomarkers including Pgr, Gata3, Egfr and Areg were screened, showing a time-dependent increase in expression. After human homologous gene transformation, TCGA analysis suggested that the human homologues of genes differentially expressed in BPAF-treated mice were associated with increased tumor stages in female patients with breast cancer. Furthermore, postnatal cross-fostering did not completely restore the adverse effects of prenatal BPAF exposure and even showed a reverse tendency. These results imply that prenatal BPAF exposure in utero and postnatally nursing by BPAF exposed dams, have long-term effects on the mammary glands health of female offspring.
OBJECTIVE: Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) progression and metastasis have previously been associated with the activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-protein kinase B (PI3K-Akt) and Wnt signalling pathways, which lead to the activation of pro-proliferative genes, such as cyclin D1. The current study aims to investigate whether there is a crosstalk between these pathways in HNSCC and which pathway is more likely to regulate cyclin D1. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Two HNSCC and a control keratinocyte cell lines were treated with EGF and wortmannin to respectively activate and block the PI3K-Akt and Wnt pathways. Partial and total levels of cyclin D1, beta-catenin and Akt were evaluated by Western blotting and immunofluorescence. Twenty-four paraffin-embedded samples of human HNSCC, as well as normal oral mucosa biopsies, were also immunohistochemically evaluated for beta-catenin and cyclin D1 expression. RESULTS: Following both treatments, change in cyclin D1 protein was correlated with Akt levels only. Cytoplasmic staining for beta-catenin and loss of its membranous expression in the HNSCC invasive areas were found in 92% of the HNSCC biopsies. CONCLUSION: Taken together, we show that the change in cyclin D1 levels is more likely to be due to the EGFR-Akt pathway activation than due to beta-catenin nuclear translocation.
PURPOSE: The monoclonal antibody pertuzumab represents the first HER2 dimerization inhibitor with unknown activity in colon cancer treatment. We examined the antitumor activity of pertuzumab as a single agent or in combination with erlotinib or irinotecan in human colon cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. METHODS: Colon cancer cell lines were tested for HER1/HER2 expression by western blot analysis. The effect of pertuzumab on cell cycle distribution was analyzed by FACS. Nude mice bearing xenograft tumors were treated with pertuzumab alone, or in combination either with irinotecan or with erlotinib. Tumor volume was measured repeatedly. Tumor histology was analyzed for necrosis. RESULTS: Six of nine cell lines showed high expression of HER1/HER2. Pertuzumab inhibited cell cycle progression in various cell lines. Pertuzumab showed minor antitumor activity in xenograft tumors, but significantly inhibited tumor growth when combined with erlotinib (P < 0.001). Combination of pertuzumab with irinotecan had no additional effect on growth of additional tumors. Pertuzumab treated DLD-1 xenograft tumors did not show enhanced necrosis, which, however, was found in HCT116 derived xenografts. CONCLUSIONS: Pertuzumab has some antitumor activity on human colon cancer cells in vitro and in vivo, in particular when combined with erlotinib. In vivo, pertuzumab combination treatment was not superior to irinotecan monotherapy. These data warrant further investigation of simultaneous HER1/EGFR TKI inhibition and HER1/HER2 dimerization inhibition for colorectal cancer therapy.
Sarcomas are very complex and clinically challenging mesenchymal tumors. Although the standard therapeutic approach has improved the 5-year survival rate, many patients experience local relapses and/or distant metastases. To improve patient outcome, new strategies need to be investigated. Immunotoxins (ITs) based on rRNA N-glycosylases (also named ribosome-inactivating proteins, RIPs) are promising tools for cancer therapy because, by combining rRNA-glycosylase's high cytotoxicity with carrier selectivity, they can specifically eliminate target neoplastic cells. In the last few years, 3D models have been extensively used in cancer research, particularly for target-specific drug screening. This study aimed to evaluate the possibility of utilizing ribosome-inactivating protein (RIP)-containing ITs to selectively target TfR1-, EGFR1- and Her2-expressing sarcoma adherent cells (ACs), spheroids (SSs) and organoids (ORs). To compare Its' efficacy and ability to induce apoptosis, we performed dose-response viability and caspase 3/7 activation assays on rhabdomyosarcoma and osteosarcoma ACs, SSs and ORs treated with Tf-IT, alphaEGFR1-IT and alphaHer2-IT. Our results indicate that, compared to the corresponding unconjugated RIPs, all ITs showed increased cytotoxicity in sarcoma ACs. Despite the increased complexity characterizing 3D models, the higher IC(50) differences between ITs and unconjugated RIPs were obtained in ORs, which appeared more resistant to the nonspecific killing of the RIPs than either the ACs or SSs, thus augmenting the therapeutic window between unconjugated and conjugated RIPs. IT induced a more delayed apoptosis in 3D compared to 2D models. Our results provide essential outcomes for the potential use of these RIP-based ITs as a therapeutic strategy to treat sarcoma.
AIMS: Trastuzumab, an antibody binding to epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2), has been approved to treat HER2-positive breast cancer in different settings. This study aimed at evaluating the influence of tumour size on trastuzumab pharmacokinetics (PK) in non-metastatic breast cancer patients treated with short term pre-operative trastuzumab. METHODS: Trastuzumab PK data were obtained from a multicentre, randomized and comparative study. This antibody was administered pre-operatively to patients with localized HER2-positive breast cancer as a single 4 mg kg(-1) loading dose followed by 5 weekly 2 mg kg(-1) doses. Trastuzumab concentrations were measured repeatedly using an ELISA technique. Tumour size was evaluated at baseline using breast echography. Trastuzumab pharmacokinetics were studied using a population approach and a two compartment model. The influence of tumour burden on trastuzumab pharmacokinetics was quantified as a covariate. RESULTS: A total of 784 trastuzumab concentrations were available from the 79 eligible patients. Estimated parameters (interindiviual standard deviation) were central volume of distribution =2.1 l (23%), peripheral volume of distribution =1.3 l (38%), intercompartment clearance =0.36 l day(-1) , with an elimination half-life of 11.8 days. Typical clearance was 0.22 l day(-1) (19%) and its value was increased with tumour size. In patients with the highest tumour size, trastuzumab clearance was 50% [18%-92%] higher than in patients with the lowest tumour size. CONCLUSIONS: In non-metastatic breast cancer patients, trastuzumab clearance increases with tumour size. The elimination half-life of trastuzumab was shorter in the present population of patients than in metastatic breast cancer patients previously studied.
Currently, traditional predictors of prognosis (tumor size, nodal status, progesterone receptor [PR], estrogen receptor [ER], or human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 [HER2]) are insufficient for precise survival prediction for triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been observed to exert critical functions in cancer, including in TNBC. Nevertheless, systematically tracking expression-based lncRNA biomarkers based on the sequence data for the prediction of prognosis in TNBC has not yet been investigated. To ascertain whether biomarkers exist that can distinguish TNBC from adjacent normal tissue or nTNBC, we implemented a comprehensive analysis of lncRNA expression profiles and clinical data of 1097 BC samples from The Cancer Genome Atlas database. A total of 1510 differentially expressed lncRNAs in normal and TNBC samples were extracted. Similarly, 672 differentially expressed lncRNAs between nTNBC and TNBC samples were detected. The receiver operating characteristic curve analysis indicated that three upregulated lncRNAs (AC091043.1, AP000924.1, and FOXCUT) may be of strong diagnostic value for predicting the existence of TNBC in the training and validation sets (area under the curve (AUC > 0.85). Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated that the other three lncRNAs (AC010343.3, AL354793.1, and FGF10-AS1) were associated with the prognosis of TNBC patients (P < 0.05). We used the three overall survival (OS)-related lncRNAs to establish a three-lncRNA signature. Multivariate Cox regression analysis suggested that the three-lncRNA signature was a prognostic factor independent of other clinical variables ( P < 0.01) for predicting OS in TNBC patients that could be utilized to classify patients into high- or low-risk subgroups. Our results might provide efficient signatures for clinical diagnosis and prognostic evaluation of TNBC.
BACKGROUND: The ESR1 gene suffers methylation changes in many types of cancers, including breast cancer (BC), the most frequently diagnosed cancer in women that is also present in men. Methylation at promoter A of ESR1 is the worse prognosis in terms of overall survival; thus, the early detection, prognostic, and prediction of therapy involve some methylation biomarkers. METHODS: Therefore, our study aimed to examine the methylation levels at the ESR1 gene in samples from Mexican BC patients and its possible association with menopausal status. RESULTS: We identified a novel 151-bp CpG island in the promoter A of the ESR1 gene. Interestingly, methylation levels at this CpG island in positive ERalpha tumors were approximately 50% less than negative ERalpha or control samples. Furthermore, methylation levels at ESR1 were associated with menopausal status. In postmenopausal patients, the methylation levels were 1.5-fold higher than in premenopausal patients. Finally, according to tumor malignancy, triple-negative cancer subtypes had higher ESR1 methylation levels than luminal/HER2+ or luminal A subtypes. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that methylation at this novel CpG island might be a promising prognosis marker.
Background: Approximately 50% of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with acquired resistance to EGFR-TKI harbor the EGFR mutation T790M. The recent development and wide use of third-generation EGFR-TKIs targeting T790M-mutant NSCLCs have increased the importance of rebiopsy after EGFR-TKI failure. We aimed to investigate the advantages of flexible bronchoscopy as a rebiopsy method and the prevalence of and factors affecting the T790M mutation after EGFR-TKI failure. Methods: We investigated 139 patients who had undergone bronchoscopic rebiopsy and endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration (EBUS-TBNA) between Sep 2014 and Jul 2016. Results: Among the 139 patients, bronchoscopic rebiopsy yielded successful pathological diagnoses in 102 (73.4%). Among them, 41 patients with EGFR-mutant lung adenocarcinoma and EGFR-TKI progression were selected for an investigation of T790M mutation prevalence at rebiopsy. The initial EGFR mutations were exon 19 del (56.1%), L858R or L861Q (34.1%), and others (9.8%). The most common rebiopsy method was transbronchial lung biopsy (41.5%), followed by EBUS-TBNA (26.8%) and endobronchial biopsy (19.5%). The median interval to T790M emergence was the longest among cases with exon 19 deletion (14.1 months), followed by exon 21 L858R or L861Q (11.3 months) and other rare EGFR mutations (2.9 months). The T790M mutation was identified in 18 (43.9%) patients, and exon 19 del was the most significant factor affecting T790M mutation development (hazard ratio: 6.875, P = 0.014). Conclusions: Bronchoscopy was more useful than other rebiopsy approaches. The T790M emergence rate was highest in cases with exon 19 deletion, likely as a consequence of long-term EGFR-TKI exposure.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer in women. Metabolic abnormalities, particularly increased lipid synthesis and uptake, impact the onset and progression of the disease. However, the influence of lipid metabolism in breast cancer varies according to the disease stage and patient's hormone status. In postmenopausal patients, obesity is associated with a higher risk and poor prognosis of luminal tumors, while in premenopausal individuals, it is correlated to BRCA mutated tumors. In fact, the tumor's lipid profile may be used to distinguish between HER2+, luminal and BRCA-mutated tumors. Moreover, drug resistance was associated with increased fatty acid synthesis and alterations in membrane composition, impacting its fluidity and spatial subdomains such as lipid rafts. Here, we discuss the subtype-specific lipid metabolism alterations found in breast cancer and the potentiality of its modulation in a clinical setting.
INTRODUCTION: Despite the benefits of estrogen receptor (ER)-targeted endocrine therapies in breast cancer, many tumors develop resistance. 14-3-3 zeta/YWHAZ, a member of the 14-3-3 family of conserved proteins, is over-expressed in several types of cancer, and our previous work showed that high expression of 14-3-3zeta in ER-positive breast cancers was associated with a poor clinical outcome for women on tamoxifen. Therefore, we now probe the role of 14-3-3zeta in endocrine resistance, and we examine the functional dimensions and molecular basis that underlie 14-3-3zeta activities. METHODS: From analyses of four independent breast cancer microarray datasets from nearly 400 women, we characterized a gene signature that correlated strongly with high expression of 14-3-3zeta in breast tumors and examined its association with breast cancer molecular subtypes and clinical-pathological features. We investigated the effects of altering 14-3-3zeta levels in ER-positive, endocrine sensitive and resistant breast cancer cells on the regulation of 14-3-3zeta signature genes, and on cellular signaling pathways and cell phenotypic properties. RESULTS: The gene signature associated with high 14-3-3zeta levels in breast tumors encompassed many with functions in mitosis and cytokinesis, including aurora kinase-B, polo-like kinase-1, CDC25B, and BIRC5/survivin. The gene signature correlated with early recurrence and risk of metastasis, and was found predominantly in luminal B breast cancers, the more aggressive ER-positive molecular subtype. The expression of the signature genes was significantly decreased or increased upon reduction or overexpression of 14-3-3zeta in ER-positive breast cancer cells, indicating their coregulation. 14-3-3zeta also played a critical role in the regulation of FOXM1, with 14-3-3zeta acting upstream of FOXM1 to regulate cell division-signature genes. Depletion of 14-3-3zeta markedly increased apoptosis, reduced proliferation and receptor tyrosine kinase (HER2 and EGFR) signaling, and, importantly, reversed endocrine resistance. CONCLUSIONS: This study reveals that 14-3-3zeta is a key predictive marker for risk of failure on endocrine therapy and serves a pivotal role impacting growth factor signaling, and promoting cell survival and resistance to endocrine therapies. Targeting 14-3-3zeta and its coregulated proteins, such as FOXM1, should prove valuable in restoring endocrine sensitivity and reducing risk of breast cancer recurrence.
Secretion of ligands of the human epidermal growth factor (EGFR) family of receptors or erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene family (ERBB1-4) is a feature common to many cancer cells. However, our understanding of the role of autocrine ligands in the aberrant behavior of cancer remains incomplete. Here we demonstrate that, in numerous preclinical models of lung tumorigenesis, BRAF(V600E) signaling promotes expression of ligands including HB-EGF, TGFalpha, Epi- and Amphiregulin. Moreover, using both genetic or pharmacological approaches, we demonstrate that ligand-mediated activation of EGFR signaling in the tumor cell is required to sustain both early-stage BRAF(V600E)-driven lung tumorigenesis and supports late-stage BRAF(V600E)-driven lung cancer maintenance. Unbiased Reverse Phase Protein Analyses (RPPA) analyses, paired with targeted validation, reveals ERBB signaling serves to sustain signaling through the ERK1/2 MAP kinase pathway, through effects on ARAF and CRAF, and on the parallel JUN kinase (JNK) pathway. Furthermore, EGFR is activated in a cohort of BRAF-mutated lung cancer patients both pre- and post-treatment. Finally, we noted significant improvement in the depth and durability of therapeutic responses in preclinical models of BRAF(V600E)-driven lung cancer by combined inhibition of both BRAF(V600E) signaling plus pan-ERBB signaling. Collectively, this work provides evidence for an important role for ERBB family signaling in the genesis and maintenance of BRAF(V600E)-driven lung cancers, and the potential for future therapeutic improvement by rational combination targeting of these pathways.
The complex pathobiology of lung cancer, and its spread worldwide, has prompted research studies that combine radiomic and genomic approaches. Indeed, the early identification of genetic alterations and driver mutations affecting the tumor is fundamental for correctly formulating the prognosis and therapeutic response. In this work, we propose a radiogenomic workflow to detect the presence of KRAS and EGFR mutations using radiomic features extracted from computed tomography images of patients affected by lung adenocarcinoma. To this aim, we investigated several feature selection algorithms to identify the most significant and uncorrelated sets of radiomic features and different classification models to reveal the mutational status. Then, we employed the SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) technique to increase the understanding of the contribution given by specific radiomic features to the identification of the investigated mutations. Two cohorts of patients with lung adenocarcinoma were used for the study. The first one, obtained from the Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA), consisted of 60 cases (25% EGFR, 23% KRAS); the second one, provided by the Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria 'Ospedali Riuniti' of Foggia, was composed of 55 cases (16% EGFR, 28% KRAS). The best-performing models proposed in our study achieved an AUC of 0.69 and 0.82 on the validation set for predicting the mutational status of EGFR and KRAS, respectively. The Multi-layer Perceptron model emerged as the top-performing model for both oncogenes, in some cases outperforming the state of the art. This study showed that radiomic features can be associated with EGFR and KRAS mutational status in patients with lung adenocarcinoma.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway signalling is often upregulated in cancer, usually by the constitutional activation of growth factor receptors, amplification or mutation of PIK3CA and loss of tumour suppressor PTEN function. The way of PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway activation in neuroblastoma (NB) is not well established. The study was performed on paraffin-embedded tissue sections from 106 patients with NB. The aim of the study was to analyse the mutational status of EGFR (exons 18-21), PIK3CA (exons 5, 6, 10 and 21) and PTEN (all exons) genes, as well as to assess expression of their protein products by immunohistochemistry. A novel mutation in exon 5 of PIK3CA, c.931 A>G (p.I311V), in two infantile tumours (2.7%) was identified. In addition some polymorphisms were found in all examined genes, including a novel one, c.285 A>T in PTEN. Polymorphism PIK3CA c.1060-17 C>A was significantly more frequent in extra-adrenal tumours. Polymorphism PIK3CA c.1145+54 A>G showed a tendency to be more frequent in children older than 18 months and in extra-adrenal tumours. Expression of EGFR was present in 95% of cases, PI3Kp110 in 92% of tumours and PTEN in all tumours (low in 39%) and did not correlate with the genetic alterations. EGFR and PTEN expression showed an association with tumour differentiation. Mutations in the EGFR, PIK3CA and PTEN genes are infrequent in neuroblastoma. Both newly detected mutations in exon 5 of PIK3CA occurred in very low risk neuroblastic tumours in infants. EGFR, PI3Kp110 and PTEN expression is a common feature of NB.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains marginally effective, with a 5-year overall survival rate of approximately 5%. Recently, the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor gefitinib was approved in Slovakia for the treatment of metastatic NSCLC. Gefitinib is a selective EGFR inhibitor that binds to the adenosine triphosphate binding pocket of the kinase domain and blocks downstream signaling pathways. Mutations of the EGFR gene, particularly an in-frame 15 bp deletion (delE746_A750) in exon 19 and the L858R mutation in exon 21, correlate with enhanced clinical responsiveness to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. However, the detection of these mutations and thereby prediction of the therapy outcome is sometimes unreliable due to the low sensitivity of direct sequencing if the proportion of tumor cells in the tissue is less than 25%. Therefore we decided to test the applicability of other methods, particularly high-resolution melting analysis (HRMA), for detection of these mutations in clinical samples. METHODS: We analyzed 53 archival cytologic specimens for the presence of EGFR mutations, using the HRMA method. Results were verified by direct sequencing. For samples containing less than 25% tumor cells, we used mutant-enriched PCR before sequencing. We also performed a titration assay to establish the lower limit of the proportion of tumor cells for detection of EGFR mutations. RESULTS: EGFR mutations were detected in 13 cases (24%). In-frame deletions in exon 19 were detected in eight cases (15%) and the L858R mutation in exon 21 was detected in five cases (9%). The positive results of the HRMA were confirmed by direct sequencing only in five of 13 cases. In the remaining eight positive samples, HRMA results were confirmed by sequencing analysis after mutant-DNA enrichment. The titration assay established that the lower limit for detection of EGFR mutations by HMRA was 1% tumor cells in the clinical sample. CONCLUSION: Our results indicated that HRMA in combination with mutant-enriched PCR represents a sensitive method for detection of EGFR mutations from cytologic specimens. When properly executed, this protocol allows identification of EGFR mutations in specimens containing a minimal percentage of tumor cells.
PURPOSE: To describe how molecular and genetic markers influence the response to therapy in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). SUMMARY: Cisplatin resistance has been associated with high rates of expression of endonucleases, a family of DNA repair proteins that includes ERCC1 and BRCA1. Gemcitabine is thought to produce its antitumor effects by several mechanisms, including inhibition of ribonucleotide conversion to deoxyribonucleotide through the inactivation of ribonucleotide reductase. One type of gemcitabine resistance occurs when the inactivation of ribonucleotide reductase decreases, which correlates with increased expression of the M1 subunit of ribonucleotide reductase. Taxanes produce their anti-tumor effects by binding to and stabilizing intracellular microtubules, which are necessary for DNA replication and cell division. High expression of beta-tubulin III, a microtubule subunit with low taxane binding affinity, appears to confer resistance to taxane therapy. High expression of thymidylate synthase, an enzyme that is important in purine synthesis and DNA replication, has been associated with decreased response to uracil antimetabolites, and may also be an important prognostic factor in patients receiving pemetrexed. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a cell- surface receptor with an intracellular tyrosine kinase domain that is thought to modulate numerous cellular functions that contribute to tumorigenicity, tumor invasiveness, and resistance to therapy. Recent clinical trials have demonstrated that treatment response to small-molecule and monoclonal antibody inhibitors of EGFR is greatest for patients who have a higher EGFR gene copy number. CONCLUSION: Several genetic, molecular, and histological markers may affect treatment response in patients with NSCLC. Evaluating patients for such markers is important not only for treatment efficacy, but also to improve safety and tolerability by avoiding exposure to treatments that are unlikely to produce significant benefits. Nearly all of the available information regarding the predictive value of these markers has been derived from retrospective studies. Prospective clinical trials are important to validate marker evaluation methodology and the prospective utility of biomarkers in clinical decision making.
The lanthanide binuclear helicate [Eu(2)(L(C2(CO(2)H)))(3)] is coupled to avidin to yield a luminescent bioconjugate EuB1 (Q = 9.3%, tau((5)D(0)) = 2.17 ms). MALDI/TOF mass spectrometry confirms the covalent binding of the Eu chelate and UV-visible spectroscopy allows one to determine a luminophore/protein ratio equal to 3.2. Bio-affinity assays involving the recognition of a mucin-like protein expressed on human breast cancer MCF-7 cells by a biotinylated monoclonal antibody 5D10 to which EuB1 is attached via avidin-biotin coupling demonstrate that (i) avidin activity is little affected by the coupling reaction and (ii) detection limits obtained by time-resolved (TR) luminescence with EuB1 and a commercial Eu-avidin conjugate are one order of magnitude lower than those of an organic conjugate (FITC-streptavidin). In the second part of the paper, conditions for growing MCF-7 cells in 100-200 microm wide microchannels engraved in PDMS are established; we demonstrate that EuB1 can be applied as effectively on this lab-on-a-chip device for the detection of tumour-associated antigens as on MCF-7 cells grown in normal culture vials. In order to exploit the versatility of the ligand used for self-assembling [Ln(2)(L(C2(CO(2)H)))(3)] helicates, which sensitizes the luminescence of both Eu(III) and Tb(III) ions, a dual on-chip assay is proposed in which estrogen receptors (ERs) and human epidermal growth factor receptors (Her2/neu) can be simultaneously detected on human breast cancer tissue sections. The Ln helicates are coupled to two secondary antibodies: ERs are visualized by red-emitting EuB4 using goat anti-mouse IgG and Her2/neu receptors by green-emitting TbB5 using goat anti-rabbit IgG. The fact that the assay is more than 6 times faster and requires 5 times less reactants than conventional immunohistochemical assays provides essential advantages over conventional immunohistochemistry for future clinical biomarker detection.
BACKGROUND: The overall 5-year survival rate of lung cancer is about 15% even with therapeutic drugs like tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Ideal models are urgently needed for exploring mechanisms and finding new drugs. Patient-derived xenografts (PDX) models and primary cells are both used to screen therapeutic regimens for cancer. However, PDX models and primary cells from the same patient are difficult to establish. Their consistency to the original tumor tissue is not well studied. METHODS: 31 lung cancer patient tissues were procured to establish the lung cancer PDX models and primary cell lines. Tumor growth measurements, histological and immunohistochemistry analysis, Western blotting, EGFR and K-RAS mutation detection and gefitinib sensitive assay were performed to evaluate the characteristic of established PDX models. Immunofluorescence analysis, anchorage-independent cell growth, Western blotting and gefitinib sensitive assay were performed to assay the characteristic of established primary cell lines. The whole-exome sequencing was used to compare the characteristic of the patient's tumor tissue, established PDX and primary cell line. RESULTS: Twenty-one lung cancer PDX models (67.74%, 21/31) and ten primary cell lines (32.25%, 10/31) were established from patients' tumor tissues. The histology and pathological immunohistochemistry of PDX xenografts are consistent with the patients' tumor samples. Various signal pathways were activated in different PDX models (n = 5) and primary cell lines (n = 2). EGFR mutation PDX model and primary cell line (LG1) were sensitive to gefitinib treatment. The expression of CK8/18, TTF1 and NapsinA in LG1 and LG50 primary cells were also positive. And the activated signal pathways were activated in LG1 and LG50 primary cell lines. Furthermore, the gene mutation in PDX tumor tissues and primary cell line (LG50) was consistent with the mutation in LG50 patient's tumor tissues. CONCLUSION: These data suggested that established lung cancer PDX models and primary cell lines reserved mostly molecular characteristics of primary lung cancer and could provide a new tool to further understand the mechanisms and explore new therapeutic strategies.
Acquired resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine-kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs), such as gefitinib and erlotinib, is a critical obstacle in the treatment of EGFR mutant-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). EHD1, a protein of the C-terminal Eps15 homology domain-containing (EHD) family, plays a role in regulating endocytic recycling, but the mechanistic details involved in EGFR-TKI resistance and cancer stemness remain largely unclear. Here, we found that a lower EHD1 expression improved both EGFR-TKIs sensitivity, which is consistent with a lower CD133 expression, and progression-free survival in NSCLC patients. The overexpression of EHD1 markedly increased erlotinib resistance and lung cancer cell stemness in vitro and in vivo. Moreover, we demonstrated that miR-590 targeted the 3'-UTR of EHD1 and was regulated by NK-kappaB, resulting in downregulated EHD1 expression, increased erlotinib sensitivity and repressed NSCLC cancer stem-like properties in vitro and in vivo. We found that EHD1 was an important factor in EGFR-TKI resistance and the cancer stem-like cell phenotype of lung cancer, and these results suggest that targeting the NF-kappaB/miR-590/EHD1 pathway has potential therapeutic promise in EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients with acquired EGFR-TKI resistance.
Lipid metabolism is dysregulated in many human diseases including atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes and cancers. Fatty acid synthase (FASN), a key lipogenic enzyme involved in de novo lipid biosynthesis, is significantly upregulated in multiple types of human cancers and associates with tumor progression. However, limited data is available to understand underlying biological functions and clinical significance of overexpressed FASN in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Here, upregulated FASN was more frequently observed in PDAC tissues compared with normal pancreas in a tissue microarray. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis revealed that high expression level of FASN resulted in a significantly poor prognosis of PDAC patients. Knockdown or inhibition of endogenous FASN decreased cell proliferation and increased cell apoptosis in HPAC and AsPC-1 cells. Furthermore, we demonstrated that EGFR/ERK signaling accounts for elevated FASN expression in PDAC as ascertained by performing siRNA assays and using specific pharmacological inhibitors. Collectively, our results indicate that FASN exhibits important roles in tumor growth and EGFR/ERK pathway is responsible for upregulated expression of FASN in PDAC.
We performed an meta-analysis to fully investigate the diarrhea of EGFR-TKIs in cancer patients. The relevant studies of the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in cancer patients treated with EGFR-TKIs were retrieved and the systematic evaluation was conducted. EMBASE, MEDLINE, and PubMed were searched for articles published till August 2017. The relevant RCTs in cancer patients treated with EGFR-TKIs were retrieved and the systematic evaluation was conducted. Twenty-four RCTs and 13,748 patients were included. The current analysis suggested that the use of EGFR-TKIs increased the risk of all-grade diarrhea (RR 3.45; 95%CI, 2.94-4.06; p0.00001) and high-grade (>/=grade 3) diarrhea (RR 8.2295%CI, 6.02-11.23; p0.00001). On subgroup analysis, the risk of all-grade and high-grade diarrhea varied significantly within drug type. The risk of all-grade diarrhea varied significantly according to cancer type, whereas the risk of high-grade diarrhea did not. The risk of all-grade and high-grade diarrhea did not varied significantly based on treatment line, treatment duration and median age. The available data suggested that the use of EGFR-TKIs is associated with a significantly increased risk of diarrhea in cancer patients.
PURPOSE: To investigate the correlation between conductivity and prognostic factors of invasive breast cancer using magnetic resonance electric properties tomography (MREPT). METHODS: This retrospective study was approved by the Institutional Review Board, and verbal informed consent was obtained prior to breast MRI. This study included 65 women with surgically confirmed invasive breast cancers measuring 1 cm or larger on T2-weighted fast spin echo (FSE). Phase-based MREPT and the coil combination technique were used to reconstruct conductivity. Simple and multiple linear regression analysis were used to find an independent factor associated with conductivity. RESULTS: In total tumours, tumours with HER-2 overexpression showed lower conductivity than those without, and HER-2 overexpression was independently associated with conductivity. In 37 tumours 2 cm or larger, tumours with high mitosis or PR positivity showed higher conductivity than those without, and high mitosis and PR positivity were independently associated with conductivity. In 28 tumours 1-2 cm in size, there were no differences in conductivity according to the prognostic factors. CONCLUSION: Conductivity values measured using MREPT are associated with the HER-2 overexpression status, and may provide information about mitosis and the PR status of invasive breast cancers 2 cm or larger. KEY POINTS: * In all tumours, HER-2 overexpression was independently associated with conductivity. * In tumours >/= 2 cm, high mitosis and PR positivity were associated with conductivity. * Conductivity is associated with the HER-2 overexpression status of invasive breast cancers.
The microRNA (miRNA) biomolecules have a significant role in the development of breast cancer, and their expression profiles are different in each subtype of breast cancer. Thus, our goal is to use the Next Generation Sequencing provided high-throughput miRNA expression and clinical data in an integrated fashion to perform survival analysis in order to identify breast cancer subtype specific miRNAs, and analyze associated genes and transcription factors. We select top 100 miRNAs for each of the four subtypes, based on the value of hazard ratio and p-value, thereafter, identify 44 miRNAs that are related to all four subtypes, which we call as four-star miRNAs. Moreover, 12, 14, 9, and 15 subtype specific, viz. one-star miRNAs, are also identified. The resulting miRNAs are validated by using machine learning methods to differentiate tumor cases from controls (for four-star miRNAs), and subtypes (for one-star miRNAs). The four-star miRNAs provide 95% average accuracy, while in case of one-star miRNAs 81% accuracy is achieved for HER2-Enriched. Differences in expression of miRNAs between cancer stages is also analyzed, and a subset of eight miRNAs is found, for which expression is increased in stage II relative to stage I, including hsa-miR-10b-5p, which contributes to breast cancer metastasis. Subsequently we prepare regulatory networks in order to identify the interactions among miRNAs, their targeted genes and transcription factors (TFs), that are targeting those miRNAs. In this way, key regulatory circuits are identified, where genes such as TP53, ESR1, BRCA1, MYC, and others, that are known to be important genetic factors for the cause of breast cancer, produce transcription factors that target the same genes as well as interact with the selected miRNAs. To provide further biological validation the Protein-Protein Interaction (PPI) networks are prepared and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway and gene ontology (GO) enrichment analysis are performed. Among the enriched pathways many are breast cancer-related, such as PI3K-Akt or p53 signaling pathways, and contain proteins such as TP53, also present in the regulatory networks. Moreover, we find that the genes are enriched in GO terms associated with breast cancer. Our results provide detailed analysis of selected miRNAs and their regulatory networks.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations are the most common driver genes in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), especially in the Asian population. Although EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are influential in the treatment of EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients, acquired resistance inevitably occurs. Therefore, there is an urgent need to develop strategies to overcome this resistance. In addition, cancer cells with particular mutations appear more vulnerable to deficiency related to the availability of specific amino acids. However, it is still unknown which amino acid is affected in the case of EGFR-mutant NSCLC. In the present study, we established a screening platform based on amino acid deprivation and found that EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells are sensitive to short-term lysine deprivation. Moreover, we found that expression of the gene for the lysine catabolism enzyme alpha-aminoadipate aminotransferase (AADAT) increased under lysine deprivation, revealing that AADAT can be regulated by EGFR-AKT signaling. Finally, we found that lysine reduction can not only enhance the cytostatic effect of single-agent osimertinib but also overcome the resistance of EGFR-TKIs in EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells. In summary, our findings suggest that the introduction of lysine stress might act as an advancement in EGFR-mutant NSCLC therapy and offer a strategy to overcome EGFR-TKI resistance.
Challenges posed by complex diseases such as cancer, chronic viral infections, neurodegenerative disorders and many others have forced researchers to think beyond classic small molecule drugs, exploring new therapeutic strategies such as therapy with RNAi, CRISPR/Cas9 or antibody therapies as single or as combination therapies with existing drugs. While classic antibody therapies based on parenteral application can only reach extracellular targets, intracellular application of antibodies could provide specific advantages but is so far little recognized in translational research. Intrabodies allow high specificity and targeting of splice variants or post translational modifications. At the same time off target effects can be minimized by thorough biochemical characterization. Knockdown of cellular proteins by intrabodies has been reported for a significant number of disease-relevant targets, including ErbB-2, EGFR, VEGFR-2, Metalloproteinase MMP2 and MMP9, beta-amyloid protein, alpha-synuclein, HIV gp120, HCV core and many others. This review outlines the recent advances in ER intrabody technology and their potential use in therapy.
This study investigated the efficiency of natural killer (NK) cell immunotherapy on non-small cell lung cancer with and without EGFR mutations in order to evaluate the response rate (RR) and progression-free survival (PFS). Among the 48 patients recruited, 24 were clinically confirmed to be EGFR mutation positive. The study group was treated with autologous NK cell immunotherapy. Comparisons of the lymphocyte number, serum tumour-related biomarkers, circulating tumour cells (CTC), Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) and survival curves were carried out before and after NK cell immunotherapy. The safety and short-term effects were evaluated, followed by median PFS and RR assessments. The serum CEA and CA125 values were found lower in the NK cell therapy group than that of the non-NK treatment group (p < 0.05). The chi(2) test showed a 75% RR of the study group A, significantly higher than that of the control group B (16.7%; p < 0.01). The RR of groups C (58.3%) and D (41.7%) were not statistically significant. The p values of the 4 groups were 0.012, 0.012, 0.166 and 1 from group A to group D, respectively. The median PFS was 9 months in EGFR mutation positive group undergoing NK cell infusion interference. By evaluating the changes in immune function, tumour biomarkers, CTC, KPS and PFS, we demonstrated that NK cell therapy had better clinical therapeutic effects on EGFR mutation-positive lung adenocarcinoma.
INTRODUCTION: The majority of women with breast cancer in Kenya present with node-positive (stage II) or locally advanced Q7 disease (stage IIIB). Diagnosis is made on fine needle aspirate cytology and treatment is with surgery if resectable. Diagnostic core biopsy is available only at subspecialty hospitals. Processing and reporting of biopsy tissue are not standardised. Hormone receptor and HER2 analyses are rarely done preoperatively. METHODS: As part of a larger study investigating the prevalence of triple negative breast cancer in Kenya, a multidisciplinary workshop of collaborators from 10 healthcare facilities was held. Process gaps were identified, preanalytic variables impacting on ER/PR/HER2 discussed and training in core biopsy provided. Local remedial strategies were deliberated. CONCLUSION: We describe our experience and outcome from the workshop, which can be modelled for other resource poor settings.
The search for effective anti-cancer therapies has led to the exploration of dual inhibition strategies targeting multiple key molecular pathways. In this study, we aimed to design a novel candidate capable of dual inhibition targeting both EGFR (Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor) and PARP-1 (poly(ADP-ribose)polymerase-1), two crucial proteins implicated in cancer progression and resistance mechanisms. Through molecular hybridization and structure-based drug design approaches, we synthesized a series of compounds based on spirooxindole with triazole scaffolds with the potential for dual EGFR and PARP-1 inhibition. Interestingly, compounds 4a, 4b and 4f showed potent cytotoxicity against HepG2 cells with IC(50) values of 3.6, 4.6, and 1.9 muM compared to doxorubicin (IC(50) = 2.78 muM), with poor cytotoxicity against THLE2 cells with IC(50) values higher than 40 muM in a selective way. They exhibited potent EGFR and PARP-1 inhibition with IC(50) values of 74.6, 85.3, and 116.1 nM compared to Erlotinib (IC(50) = 80 nM, 94.7%). Additionally, they exhibited potent PARP-1 inhibition, with IC(50) values of 2.01, 3.6, and 18.4 nM compared to Olaparib (IC(50) = 1.49 nM, 94.5%). Furthermore, compound 4a-treatment induced increased apoptosis by 6.6-fold, as the effective cell death mechanism. Overall, our study underscores the importance of multi-targeted approaches in developing effective anti-cancer agents.
The HER3/ERBB3 receptor is an oncogenic receptor tyrosine kinase that forms heterodimers with EGFR family members and is overexpressed in numerous cancers. HER3 overexpression associates with reduced survival and acquired resistance to targeted therapies, making it a potential therapeutic target in multiple cancer types. Here, we report on immunogenic, promiscuous MHC class II-binding HER3 peptides, which can generate HER3-specific CD4(+) Th1 antitumor immune responses. Using an overlapping peptide screening methodology, we identified nine MHC class II-binding HER3 epitopes that elicited specific Th1 immune response in both healthy donors and breast cancer patients. Most of these peptides were not identified by current binding algorithms. Homology assessment of amino acid sequence BLAST showed >90% sequence similarity between human and murine HER3/ERBB3 peptide sequences. HER3 peptide-pulsed dendritic cell vaccination resulted in anti-HER3 CD4(+) Th1 responses that prevented tumor development, significantly delayed tumor growth in prevention models, and caused regression in multiple therapeutic models of HER3-expressing murine tumors, including mammary carcinoma and melanoma. Tumors were robustly infiltrated with CD4(+) T cells, suggesting their key role in tumor rejection. Our data demonstrate that class II HER3 promiscuous peptides are effective at inducing HER3-specific CD4(+) Th1 responses and suggest their applicability in immunotherapies for human HER3-overexpressing tumors.
PURPOSE: To investigate the efficacy of diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) for reflecting and predicting pathological tumor response in breast cancer subtype to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: The retrospective study included 176 patients with breast cancer who underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) examinations before and after NAC prior to surgery. The pre- and post-NAC apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values of tumor were measured respectively on DWI. The pathological response was classified into either a complete response (pCR) or as a noncomplete response (pNCR) to NAC with the Miller & Payne system. The relationship between the ADC value and the pathological response was assessed according to intrinsic subtypes (Luminal A, Luminal B, HER2-enriched, and triple negative) defined by immunohistochemical features. RESULTS: Multiple comparisons respectively showed that pre-NAC and post-NAC ADC were significantly different among four subtypes (P < 0.001). After the comparison between two different subtypes, the pre-NAC ADC value of the triple-negative and HER2-enriched subtypes were significantly higher than Luminal A (P < 0.001 and P < 0.001) and Luminal B subtype (P < 0.001 and P = 0.009), and the post-NAC ADC of triple-negative subtype was significantly higher than the others (P < 0.001). The pre-NAC ADC of pCRs was significantly lower than that of pNCRs only in the triple-negative subtype among four subtypes (P < 0.001), and the post-NAC ADC of pCRs was significantly higher than that of pNCRs in each subtype (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: DWI appears to be a promising tool to determine the association of pathological response to NAC in breast cancer subtypes.
Basal breast cancers (BBCs) have a high risk of metastasis, recurrence and death. Formal subtype definition relies on gene expression but can be approximated by protein expression. New markers are needed to help in the management of the basal subtype of breast cancer. In a previous transcriptional analysis of breast cell lines we found that Moesin expression was a potential basal marker. We show here that Moesin protein expression is a basal marker in breast tumors. In a tissue microarray (TMA) containing 547 sporadic breast cancers, of which 108 were profiled for gene expression, Moesin was expressed in 31% of all tumors and in 82% of the basal tumors. To confirm that Moesin expression remained associated with the basal phenotype in specific types of BBCs, we analyzed Moesin expression in 2 other TMAs containing 40 medullary breast cancers (MBCs) and 27 BRCA1-associated breast cancers (BRCA1-BCs), respectively. Moesin was strongly expressed in MBCs (87%; p = 2.4 x 10(-5)) and in BRCA1-BCs (58%; p = 1.3 x 10(-5)) as compared with non-MBCs and sporadic cases. Moesin-expressing tumors display features of BBCs, such as high proliferation rate, hormone receptors negativity, expression of putative basal/myoepithelial markers (CAV1, CD10, CK5/6, CK14, EGFR, P53, P-cadherin and SMA). Survival analysis showed a reduced specific survival and metastasis-free survival in Moesin-expressing tumors by log-rank test (p(SS) = 0.014 and p(MFS) = 0.014). In multivariate analysis, Moesin expression was nearly an independent prognostic marker of poor outcome as shown by Cox proportional hazard model in patients without lymph node metastasis (p = 0.052, HR = 2.38, CI 95[0.99-5.69]).
BACKGROUND: Findings from randomized clinical trials may have limited generalizability to patients treated in routine clinical practice. This study examined the effectiveness of first-line palbociclib plus letrozole versus letrozole alone on survival outcomes in patients with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal growth factor receptor-negative (HER2-) metastatic breast cancer (MBC) treated in routine clinical practice in the USA. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective observational analysis of electronic health records within the Flatiron Health Analytic Database. A total of 1430 patients with >/= 3 months of follow-up received palbociclib plus letrozole or letrozole alone in the first-line setting between February 3, 2015, and February 28, 2019. Stabilized inverse probability treatment weighting (sIPTW) was used to balance baseline demographic and clinical characteristics. Real-world progression-free survival (rwPFS) and overall survival (OS) were analyzed. RESULTS: After sIPTW adjustment, median follow-up was 24.2 months (interquartile range [IQR], 14.2-34.9) in the palbociclib group and 23.3 months (IQR, 12.7-34.3) in those taking letrozole alone. Palbociclib combination treatment was associated with significantly longer median rwPFS compared to letrozole alone (20.0 vs 11.9 months; hazard ratio [HR], 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69; P < 0.0001). Median OS was not reached in the palbociclib group and was 43.1 months with letrozole alone (HR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.53-0.82; P = 0.0002). The 2-year OS rate was 78.3% in the palbociclib group and 68.0% with letrozole alone. A propensity score matching analysis showed similar results. CONCLUSIONS: In this "real-world" population of patients with HR+/HER2- MBC, palbociclib in combination with endocrine therapy was associated with improved survival outcomes compared with patients treated with letrozole alone in the first-line setting. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov; NCT04176354.
Impaired cell cycle regulation and disturbance in signal transduction pathway are two major causes of a condition defined as cancer, one of the significant reasons for mortality worldwide. Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) have been commonly used as anticancer agents, and the majority of this medications possess quinazoline moiety as a heteroaromatic core. In this study, two novel series of EGFR-TKIs containing quinazolinone core were designed and synthesized. Most compounds showed reasonable inhibitory activity against EGFR-TK compared to that of erlotinib, a reversible inhibitor of this enzyme. Compound 8b, 2-((2-chlorobenzyl)amino)-6-phenoxyquinazolin-4(1H)-one, with an IC(50) value of 1.37 nM exhibited the highest potency. Molecular docking study of compound 8b showed that it had the same direction of erlotinib and formed proper hydrogen bonds and hydrophobic interactions with the important amino acid residues of the active site. Based on in-silico calculations of ADME properties, our novel compounds have the potential to be orally active agents.
PURPOSE: In recent years, therapeutic strategies based on tumour biology have increased significantly. We aimed to provide an overview of the recent changes in patient characteristics, treatment procedures and survival factors for two groups of patients: women younger than 35 years and women between 50 and 69 years. METHODS: We used data from the population-based Cancer Registry Magdeburg. Subjects included women with non-metastatic breast cancer treated between 2000 and 2015. We compared between two observation periods: 2000-2007 and 2008-2015. RESULTS: There was an increase in patient survival from the first to the second observation period. Tumour characteristics and treatment modalities changed, especially in the group of older patients. The proportion of prognostically more favourable tumour subtypes, such as Luminal A, increased significantly. Between 2008 and 2015, there were more hormone receptor-positive, lymph-node-negative, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2)-negative and well-differentiated tumours. Surgical methods were associated with significantly reduced radicality, while the rate of neoadjuvant therapy increased in both groups. There was a decrease in cyclophosphamide, methotrexate and 5-fluoruracil (CMF) and anthracycline therapies, but taxane-containing chemotherapy increased. While tamoxifen was used more frequently in younger patients in the later observation period, its use was reduced in older patients, superseded by aromatase inhibitors. Furthermore, the use of immune therapy increased. CONCLUSION: In both age groups, but primarily in older patients, there were significant changes in tumour biology and treatment options between the two observation periods. These changes have led to a continuous improvement in patient outcomes.
Specific and reversible EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) such as gefitinib and erlotinib are clinically active in advanced or metastatic NSCLC and both are approved in various countries for the treatment of patients that failed prior chemotherapy. Erlotinib has also prolonged survival in pancreatic cancer patients when added to gemcitabine and regulatory approval in this disease is being sought. Additional promising activity has been seen in other tumor types, such as ovarian cancer or head and neck malignancies, and phase III trials in these malignancies are ongoing or planned. Despite these successes, these agents have exhibited anecdotal or modest activity when used as single agents in unselected patients with various other tumor types. We have learned that the clinical development of these agents is far from simple and we need to better understand biological and clinical criteria for patient selection and how to best use the different available agents. The recent discovery of EGFR mutations and the potential identification of other markers that might predict patient response could help to optimize the use of these agents in the future. Irreversible EGFR inhibitors, dual EGF/HER2 and pan-ErbB receptor inhibitors may have greater antitumor activity although the tolerance of these compounds compared to specific EGFR TKIs needs further characterization. HER2 specific TKIs are also in development. Lapatinib, a dual EGFR/HER2 TK inhibitors, is particularly promising in breast cancer. Newer agents, such as BMS-599626, have recently entered into the clinic. In addition to the use of these agents as single agents, many clinical studies are addressing the role of combining them with hormonal agents, biological agents or chemotherapy.
Enhancers are non-coding DNA regions that facilitate gene transcription, with a specialized subset, super-enhancers, known to exert exceptionally strong transcriptional activation effects. Super-enhancers have been implicated in oncogenesis, and their identification is achievable through histone mark chromatin immunoprecipitation followed by sequencing data using existing analytical tools. However, conventional super-enhancer detection methodologies often do not accurately reflect actual gene expression levels, and the large volume of identified super-enhancers complicates comprehensive analysis. To address these limitations, we developed the super-enhancer to gene links (SE-to-gene Links) analysis, a platform named "SEgene" which incorporates the peak-to-gene links approach-a statistical method designed to reveal correlations between genes and peak regions ( https://github.com/hamamoto-lab/SEgene ). This platform enables a targeted evaluation of super-enhancer regions in relation to gene expression, facilitating the identification of super-enhancers that are functionally linked to transcriptional activity. Here, we demonstrate the application of SE-to-gene Links analysis to public datasets, confirming its efficacy in accurately detecting super-enhancers and identifying functionally associated genes. Additionally, SE-to-gene Links analysis identified ERBB2 as a significant gene of interest in the lung adenocarcinoma dataset from the National Cancer Center Japan cohort, suggesting a potential impact across multiple patient samples. Thus, the SE-to-gene Links analysis provides an analytical tool for evaluating super-enhancers as potential therapeutic targets, supporting the identification of clinically significant super-enhancer regions and their functionally associated genes.
OBJECTIVE: To review the mechanisms of anti-cancer activity of nelfinavir and other protease inhibitors (PIs) based on evidences reported in the published literature. METHODS: We extensively reviewed the literature concerning nelfinavir (NFV) as an off target anti-cancer drug and other PIs. A classification of PIs based on anti-cancer mode of action was proposed. Controversies regarding nelfinavir mode of action were also addressed. CONCLUSIONS: The two main mechanisms involved in anti-cancer activity are endoplasmic reticulum stress-unfolded protein response pathway and Akt inhibition. However there are many other effects, partially dependent and independent of those mentioned, that may be useful in cancer treatment, including MMP-9 and MMP-2 inhibition, down-regulation of CDK-2, VEGF, bFGF, NF-kB, STAT-3, HIF-1 alfa, IGF, EGFR, survivin, BCRP, androgen receptor, proteasome, fatty acid synthase (FAS), decrease in cellular ATP concentration and upregulation of TRAIL receptor DR5, Bax, increased radiosensitivity, and autophagy. The end result of all these effects is slower growth, decreased angiogenesis, decreased invasion and increased apoptosis, which means reduced proliferation and increased cancer cells death. PIs may be classified according to their anticancer activity at clinically achievable doses, in AKT inhibitors, ER stressors and Akt inhibitors/ER stressors. Beyond the phase I trials that have been recently completed, adequately powered and well-designed clinical trials are needed in the various cancer type settings, and specific trials where NFV is tested in association with other known anti-cancer pharmaceuticals should be sought, in order to find an appropriate place for NFV in cancer treatment. The analysis of controversies on the molecular mechanisms of NFV hints to the possibility that NFV works in a different way in tumor cells and in hepatocytes and adipocytes.
PURPOSE: Valid determination of HER2 status is a prerequisite to establish an adequate treatment strategy for breast cancer patients, regardless of the disease stage. The goal of this study was to examine the feasibility of the newly developed silver-enhanced in situ hybridization (SISH) technique as an alternative to fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) for HER2 assay in primary invasive breast cancer. METHODS: FISH and SISH for HER2 amplification were performed using tissue microarray. Both methods were used in 257 consecutive primary breast cancers. RESULTS: HER2 amplification was observed in 62 (23.1%) of a total of 257 breast cancers based on SISH. Of the 257 breast cancers measured using both methods, the results of the two methods were consistent in 248 (concordance, 96.5%; kappa=0.903). When we compared HER2 amplification in the primary tumor with the metastatic lymph nodes of the same patients, HER2 amplification was observed in nine cases (14.0%) out of 64 cases in which HER2 was not amplified in the primary tumors. In contrast, HER2 status was completely preserved in metastatic lymph nodes showing HER2 amplification in the primary tumor. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that SISH can be a feasible alternative to FISH in the clinical setting. In node-positive breast cancer, confirmation of the HER2 status of the metastatic lymph nodes appears to be mandatory, regardless of the HER2 status of the primary tumors.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the rate of overexpression of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2), mouse double minute 2 homolog (MDM2) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and evaluate their correlation with clinicopathological parameters and prognosis. METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study conducted from 2003 to 2008 among 184 NSCLC patients who underwent tumor resection. Each patient's clinical history and tumor characteristics were obtained from histopathology reports and medical records. EGFR, MDM2 and MMP2 expression were assessed by immunohistochemical (IHC) staining of the tissue specimens. RESULTS: MDM2 overexpression was observed in 70 (38%) of the patients studied, and was significantly higher in younger patients (p=0.01). Only 46 (25%) of patients had overexpression of MMP2. EGFR positive staining occurred in 105 (57%percnt;) of the evaluated tumor specimens and was more frequent in specimens with squamous cell carcinoma (p<0.001), the elderly (p<0.001), and in smokers (p<0.001). Independent risk factors for mortality were older age (adjusted odds ratio/aOR 1.3=), being a smoker (aOR 10), having stage II disease (aOR 10.8) or stage III/IV disease (aOR 28.3), expression of EGFR (aOR 5.9) and MMP2 (aOR 4.1). However, the expression of MDM2 independently predicted a reduced risk of death (aOR 0.3). CONCLUSION: Overexpression of MMP2 and EGFR were independent risk factors for mortality in NSCLC patients, while overexpression of MDM2 independently predicted a reduced risk of death.
Acne-like eruption caused by anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antibodies such as panitumumab reduces treatment adherence and patient QOL; an alternative therapy is desired. Meanwhile, the usefulness of oral Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs) for acne-like eruptions caused by low-molecular-weight EGFR inhibitors such as erlotinib has been reported in the treatment of lung cancer. This study aimed to investigate whether the combined use of oral NSAIDs and panitumumab for colorectal cancer patients helps prevent acne-like eruption. We retrospectively investigated 167 colorectal cancer patients who had been treated with panitumumab for three cycles or more. The observation period was set from the start of panitumumab treatment to the end of three cycles. Within this period, the incidence and severity of acne-like eruptions were compared. A total of 59 and 108 patients were in the NSAIDs use and non-use groups, respectively, showing differences in the incidence of acne-like eruption rates (78.0 vs. 90.7%, respectively; p = 0.033). In the use group, eruption severity grades 0, 1, 2, and 3 were observed in 13, 33, 13, and 0 patients, respectively; the corresponding values in the non-use group were 10, 60, 36, and 2, respectively (p = 0.007). Oral NSAIDs may help prevent acne-like eruptions caused by panitumumab.
Background and Objectives: A recent clinical trial has demonstrated that breast cancer with low-HER2 expression levels responds to trastuzumab deruxtecan treatment. This has prompted a re-evaluation of HER2-targeted therapies in the HER2-negative group. Further research is required in the form of more detailed information about HER2-negative breast cancers with HER2-null, HER2-ultralow, and HER2-low subgroups. This study represents a novel approach to this field. Materials and Methods: HER2-negative breast cancer patients were classified into three groups as HER2-null, HER2-ultralow, and HER2-low. A comparison of clinicopathological features was analyzed retrospectively. Results: Of 722 patients, 22.3% were HER2-null, 23.7% were HER2-ultralow, 54.0% were HER2-low. While two-thirds of all the patients were evaluated as having T2 tumors, T4 tumors constituted 2.4%. Among HER2-negative cases, 11.8% were triple-negative and 88.2% were hormone-positive. The mean tumor diameter was 0.57 cm larger in the HER2-ultralow group than in the HER2-null group and 0.34 cm larger in the HER2-low group than in the HER2-null group. HER2-null tumors tend to be smaller. The HER2-low group was more likely to relapse than the HER2-null group. There were no significant differences in the distribution of hormone positivity or negativity (TNBC) among the groups; they accounted for 89.2% and 10.8% of all cases, respectively. Conclusions: HER2-negative breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease and deserves a detailed review in terms of diagnosis and treatment. HER2-ultralow tumors are larger in size and have a prognosis comparable to HER2-null tumors. HER2-low tumors tend to recur much more frequently and with poorer outcomes. In this field, new therapeutic approaches may result in better outcomes.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: In non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients, the L858R/T790M mutation of the epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a major cause of acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs treatment that limits their therapeutic efficacy. Identification of drugs that can preferentially kill the NSCLC harbouring L858R/T790M mutation is therefore critical. Here, we have evaluated the effects of ursolic acid, an active component isolated from herbal sources, on erlotinib-resistant H1975 cells that harbour the L858R/T790M mutation. EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH: Gene expression omnibus (GEO) profiles analyses was applied to detect differentially expressed genes in NSCLC cells harbouring EGFR mutation. AnnexinV-FITC/PI, TUNEL staining, MTT, wound healing, RT-PCR, qRT-PCR, western blots, immunostaining, dual-luciferase reporters and ChIP-PCR were utilized to investigate the effects of ursolic acid in vitro and in vivo. KEY RESULTS: The cancer/testis antigen family 45 member A2 (CT45A2) was highly expressed in H1975 cells. Ectopic expression of CT45A2 in H1975 cells increased cell proliferation and motility in vitro. Silencing the CT45A2 expression strongly attenuated H1975 cells motility and growth. The anti-cancer effect of ursolic acid was critically dependent on CT45A2 expression in H1975 cells. Ursolic acid suppressed CT45A2 gene transcription mediated by transcriptional factor TCF4 and beta-catenin signalling. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: CT45A2 is a novel oncogene for NSCLC with an EGFR T790 mutation. Ursolic acid induced apoptosis and inhibited proliferation of H1975 cells by negatively regulating the beta-catenin/TCF4/CT45A2 signalling pathway. Therefore, ursolic acid may be a potential candidate treatment for NSCLC harbouring the EGFR-L858R/T790M mutation.
Survival improvement in rectal cancer treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (nCRT) is achieved only if pathological response occurs. Mandard tumor regression grade (TRG) proved to be a valid system to measure nCRT response. The ability to predict tumor response before treatment may significantly have impact the selection of patients for nCRT in rectal cancer. The aim is to identify potential predictive pretreatment factors for Mandard response and build a clinical predictive model design. 167 patients with locally advanced rectal cancer were treated with nCRT and curative surgery. Blood cell counts in peripheral blood were analyzed. Pretreatment biopsies expression of cyclin D1, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and protein 21 were assessed. A total of 61 single nucleotide polymorphisms were characterized using the Sequenom platform through multiplex amplification followed by mass-spectometric product separation. Surgical specimens were classified according to Mandard TRG. The patients were divided as: "good responders" (Mandard TRG1-2) and "poor responders" (Mandard TGR3-5). We examined predictive factors for Mandard response and performed statistical analysis. In univariate analysis, distance from anal verge, neutrophil lymphocyte ratio (NLR), cyclin D1, VEGF, EGFR, protein 21 and rs1810871 interleukin 10 (IL10) gene polymorphism are the pretreatment variables with predictive value for Mandard response. In multivariable analysis, NLR, cyclin D1, protein 21 and rs1800871 in IL10 gene maintain predictive value, allowing a clinical model design. CONCLUSION: It seems possible to use pretreatment expression of blood and tissue biomarkers, and build a model of tumor response prediction to neoadjuvant chemoradiation in rectal cancer.
Intratumor heterogeneity is postulated to cause therapeutic resistance. To prospectively assess the impact of HER2 (ERBB2) heterogeneity on response to HER2-targeted therapy, we treated 164 patients with centrally confirmed HER2-positive early-stage breast cancer with neoadjuvant trastuzumab emtansine plus pertuzumab. HER2 heterogeneity was assessed on pretreatment biopsies from two locations of each tumor. HER2 heterogeneity, defined as an area with ERBB2 amplification in >5% but <50% of tumor cells, or a HER2-negative area by FISH, was detected in 10% (16/157) of evaluable cases. The pathologic complete response rate was 55% in the nonheterogeneous subgroup and 0% in the heterogeneous group (P < 0.0001, adjusted for hormone receptor status). Single-cell ERBB2 FISH analysis of cellular heterogeneity identified the fraction of ERBB2 nonamplified cells as a driver of therapeutic resistance. These data suggest HER2 heterogeneity is associated with resistance to HER2-targeted therapy and should be considered in efforts to optimize treatment strategies. SIGNIFICANCE: HER2-targeted therapies improve cure rates in HER2-positive breast cancer, suggesting chemotherapy can be avoided in a subset of patients. We show that HER2 heterogeneity, particularly the fraction of ERBB2 nonamplified cancer cells, is a strong predictor of resistance to HER2 therapies and could potentially be used to optimize treatment selection.See related commentary by Okines and Turner, p. 2369.This article is highlighted in the In This Issue feature, p. 2355.
Patient-tailored therapy based on tumor drivers is promising for lung cancer treatment. For this, we combined in vitro tissue models with in silico analyses. Using individual cell lines with specific mutations, we demonstrate a generic and rapid stratification pipeline for targeted tumor therapy. We improve in vitro models of tissue conditions by a biological matrix-based three-dimensional (3D) tissue culture that allows in vitro drug testing: It correctly shows a strong drug response upon gefitinib (Gef) treatment in a cell line harboring an EGFR-activating mutation (HCC827), but no clear drug response upon treatment with the HSP90 inhibitor 17AAG in two cell lines with KRAS mutations (H441, A549). In contrast, 2D testing implies wrongly KRAS as a biomarker for HSP90 inhibitor treatment, although this fails in clinical studies. Signaling analysis by phospho-arrays showed similar effects of EGFR inhibition by Gef in HCC827 cells, under both 2D and 3D conditions. Western blot analysis confirmed that for 3D conditions, HSP90 inhibitor treatment implies different p53 regulation and decreased MET inhibition in HCC827 and H441 cells. Using in vitro data (western, phospho-kinase array, proliferation, and apoptosis), we generated cell line-specific in silico topologies and condition-specific (2D, 3D) simulations of signaling correctly mirroring in vitro treatment responses. Networks predict drug targets considering key interactions and individual cell line mutations using the Human Protein Reference Database and the COSMIC database. A signature of potential biomarkers and matching drugs improve stratification and treatment in KRAS-mutated tumors. In silico screening and dynamic simulation of drug actions resulted in individual therapeutic suggestions, that is, targeting HIF1A in H441 and LKB1 in A549 cells. In conclusion, our in vitro tumor tissue model combined with an in silico tool improves drug effect prediction and patient stratification. Our tool is used in our comprehensive cancer center and is made now publicly available for targeted therapy decisions.
BACKGROUND: The Advanced Breast Cancer Alliance conducted a nationwide investigation to understand the current situation of the diagnosis and treatment of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC) patients. METHODS: In 2019, electronic questionnaires including basic information about respondents, characteristics of patients, and the present status of diagnosis and treatment were sent to 495 doctors from 203 medical centers covering 28 provinces. RESULTS: The factors that influenced treatment plans included the disease process, the performance status, and the economic status of patients. Regimens and response to neoadjuvant/adjuvant chemotherapy were important factors in the decision of the first-line treatment. Overall, 54% of doctors retained trastuzumab and replaced chemotherapy drugs in second-line treatment regimens for patients with progression-free survival (PFS) >/= 6 months in the first-line setting, while 52% of participants chose pyrotinib plus capecitabine for patients with PFS < 6 months. Economic factors played an important role in doctors' decision-making and the varying treatment options for respondents in first-tier, second-tier, and other cities. CONCLUSIONS: This large-scale survey regarding the diagnosis and treatment of HER2-positive MBC patients revealed that clinical decisions made by Chinese doctors followed the guidelines, but their choices were constrained by economic factors.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), a member of the ErbB family of transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinases, is amplified in 20-30% of invasive breast cancers. HER2 amplification is associated with metastasis and reduced survival. Two HER2-directed therapies have been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of HER2-overexpressing breast cancer: trastuzumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against the extracellular portion of HER2; and lapatinib, a dual HER2- and epidermal growth factor receptor-specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Despite the improvement in overall survival with the addition of HER2-targeted agents to chemotherapy, many patients do not benefit from these agents because of inherent resistance. In addition, many patients who achieve an initial response eventually acquire drug resistance. Currently, several mechanisms of resistance have been described, including mutations in other signaling pathways, expression of a truncated form of HER2, receptor crosstalk, and autophagy. There are several approaches under study to target these pathways of resistance, including blocking PI3 kinase and mammalian target of rapamycin signaling, blocking neoangiogenesis and the vascular endothelial growth factor axis, using monoclonal antibody targeting of the HER2 dimerization site, and using HER2 monoclonal antibody-drug conjugates. Here we will review the current scientific rationale for these agents and how combinations of these agents may yield additive or synergistic effects and lead to improved outcomes for patients with HER2-amplified breast cancer.
BACKGROUND Previous studies have shown that miR-21 upregulation is related to the aggressive development of cervical cancer. Ultrasound-targeted microbubble destruction (UTMD) is a method that increases the absorption of targeted genes or drugs by cells. We focus on the role of UTMD-mediated miR-21 transfection in HeLa cells, a cervical cancer cell line. MATERIAL AND METHODS The effects of different ultrasound intensities on the transfection efficiency of miR-21-enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) and miR-21 inhibitor-EGFP plasmids were determined by flow cytometry. The effects of UTMD-mediated miR-21 transfection on HeLa cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion were measured by CCK-8, flow cytometry, wound healing experiments, and transwell migration assay, respectively. Western blot and real-time quantitative PCR were used to detect the expression of tumor-related genes. RESULTS When the ultrasound intensity was 1.5 W/cm(2), the miR-21 plasmid had the highest transfection efficiency. Exogenous miR-21 promoted cell proliferation, migration, and invasion, and inhibited cell apoptosis in HeLa cells. Treatment of cells with UTMD further enhanced the effects of miR-21-EGFP and miR-21 inhibitor-EGFP. In addition, miR-21 overexpression significantly increased the expression of p-Akt, Akt, Bcl-2, Wnt, ss-catenin, matrix metalloprotein-9 (MMP-9), and epidermal growth factor (EGFR) levels, and decreased Bax expression. The regulatory role of miR-21 inhibitor-EGFP was opposite to that of miR-21-EGFP. After UTMD, miR-21-EGFP and miR-21 inhibitor-EGFP had more significant regulatory effects on these genes. CONCLUSIONS Our research revealed that an ultrasound intensity of 1.5 W/cm(2) is the best parameter for miR-21 transfection. UTMD can enhance the biological function of miR-21 in HeLa cells, and alter the effect of miR-21 on apoptosis, metastasis, and phosphorylation genes.
PURPOSE: To determine the clinical utility of intrinsic molecular phenotype after breast-conserving therapy (BCT) with lumpectomy and whole-breast irradiation with or without a cavity boost. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Four hundred ninety-eight patients with invasive breast cancer were enrolled into a randomized trial of BCT with or without a tumor bed radiation boost. Tumors were classified by intrinsic molecular phenotype as luminal A or B, HER-2, basal-like, or unclassified using a five-biomarker panel: estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, HER-2, CK5/6, and epidermal growth factor receptor. Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards methodology were used to ascertain relationships to ipsilateral breast tumor recurrence (IBTR), locoregional recurrence (LRR), distant disease-free survival (DDFS), and death from breast cancer. RESULTS: Median follow-up was 84 months. Three hundred ninety-four patients were classified as luminal A, 23 were luminal B, 52 were basal, 13 were HER-2, and 16 were unclassified. There were 24 IBTR (4.8%), 35 LRR (7%), 47 distant metastases (9.4%), and 37 breast cancer deaths (7.4%). The overall 5-year disease-free rates for the whole cohort were: IBTR 97.4%, LRR 95.6%, DDFS 92.9%, and breast cancer-specific death 96.3%. A significant difference was observed for survival between subtypes for LRR (P = .012), DDFS (P = .0035), and breast cancer-specific death (P = .0482), but not for IBTR (P = .346). CONCLUSION: The 5-year and 10-year survival rates varied according to molecular subtype. Although this approach provides additional information to predict time to IBTR, LRR, DDFS, and death from breast cancer, its predictive power is less than that of traditional pathologic indices. This information may be useful in discussing outcomes and planning management with patients after BCT.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma results in high short-term mortality despite recent advances in diagnostics, surgery and chemotherapy. Modern chemotherapeutic agents directed to specific tumor receptors have higher therapeutic efficacy and lower adverse effects. However, few studies exist that evaluate the clinical impact in pancreatic cancer. The expression of tumor growth factor receptors, oncogenes and tumor suppressor oncogenes in surgical pancreatic cancer specimens as related to pathological characteristics, staging and prognosis was evaluated. Data were recorded for 50 patients who underwent a pancreatic cancer resection and were suitable for immunohistochemical evaluation (32 male, mean age 61 years, range 44-78) with regard to pTN, tumor size and location, histological differentiation grade, vascular and perineural invasion, adjuvant chemotherapy and survival time. Tumor specimens and normal pancreatic tissue were deparaffinized and the expression of vascular epidermal growth factor (VEGF) receptors (R)-1 and -2, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Her-2/neu, COX-2, p16, p21 and p53 was immunohistochemically evaluated using tissue microarrays. Associations between molecular marker expression and clinicopathological tumor characteristics were evaluated using the Chi-square test (SPSS) and the survival time was defined. The Kaplan-Meier method was utilized to analyze survival curves, verified by the log-rank test. No molecular markers evaluated were expressed in normal tissue. Tumor expression data included VEGF-R1 (74%), EGFR (52%), Her-2/neu (7.84%), COX-2 (21.5%), p16 (29.4%), p21 (21.7%) and p53 (50%). Tumors expressing VEGF-R1, EGFR and/or p53 were larger (p<0.02), frequently poorly differentiated (p<0.05) and more frequently associated with perineural and lymph node invasion (p<0.05). Marker expression did not correlate with pathological tumor characteristics. The median post-surgery survival was 15 months; 60 and 27% patients survived to 12 and 24 months, respectively, with a longer survival time in patients receiving adjuvant chemotherapy (n=20) (median 36 vs. 15 months, p<0.02). Growth factor receptors, oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes were frequently expressed in pancreatic cancer tissue. VEGF-R1, EGFR and p53 expression were associated with poor tissue differentiation and perineural and lymph node infiltration. Only VEGF-R1 expression was associated with a longer survival time and a more favorable response to adjuvant chemotherapy.
Our goal was to explore the bioactive constituents of Longsheyangquan (LSYQ) Decoction and elucidate its mechanisms on the treatment of bladder cancer (BCa). A total of 38 compounds were selected based on their pharmacokinetic properties in three large traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) databases. 654 putative targets of LSYQ Decoction were predicted using a structure-based, reverse-docking algorithm online, of which 343 overlapped with BCa-related protein-coding genes. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed to perform module analysis for further Gene Ontology (GO) annotations and Kyoto Encyclopedia Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analysis, which identified CDK2, EGFR, MMP9 and PTGS2 as hub targets. The TCM-compound-target network and compound-target-pathway network together revealed that quercetin, diosmetin, enhydrin and luteolin were the main components of LSYQ Decoction. Finally, molecular docking showed the affinity between the key compounds and the hub target proteins to verify the accuracy of drug target prediction in the first place. The present study deciphered the core components and targets of LSYQ Decoction on the treatment of BCa in a comprehensive systemic pharmacological manner.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short single-stranded RNAs, measuring 21 to 23 nucleotides in length and regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level through mRNA destabilization or repressing protein synthesis. Dysregulation of miRNAs can lead to tumorigenesis through changes in regulation of key cellular processes such as cell proliferation, cell survival, and apoptosis. miR-125a-5p has been implicated as a tumor suppressor miRNA in malignancies such as non-small cell lung cancer and colon cancer. However, the role of miR-125a-5p has not been fully investigated in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). We performed microRNA microarray profiling of HNSCC tumor samples obtained from a prospective clinical trial evaluating the role of postoperative radiotherapy in head and neck cancer. We also mined through The Cancer Genome Atlas to evaluate expression and survival data. Biological experiments, including cell proliferation, flow cytometry, cell migration and invasion, clonogenic survival, and fluorescent microscopy, were conducted using HN5 and UM-SCC-22B cell lines. miR-125a-5p downregulation was associated with recurrent disease in a panel of high-risk HNSCC and then confirmed poor survival associated with low expression in HNSCC via the Cancer Genome Atlas, suggesting that miR-125a-5p acts as a tumor suppressor miRNA. We then demonstrated that miR-125a-5p regulates cell proliferation through cell cycle regulation at the G(1)/S transition. We also show that miR-125a-5p can alter cell migration and modulate sensitivity to ionizing radiation. Finally, we identified putative mRNA targets of miR-125a-5p, including ERBB2, EIF4EBP1, and TXNRD1, which support the tumor suppressive mechanism of miR-125a-5p. Functional validation of ERBB2 suggests that miR-125a-5p affects cell proliferation and sensitivity to ionizing radiation, in part, through ERBB2. Our data suggests that miR-125a-5p acts as a tumor suppressor miRNA, has potential as a diagnostic tool and may be a potential therapeutic target for the management and treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
AIMS: We sought to describe survival outcomes and toxicities of trastuzumab in real-world patients with HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer (MBC) and compare these to a recent systematic review of clinical trials. METHODS: We searched the medical records of three Sydney cancer centers for patients with HER2-positive, MBC starting trastuzumab from January 2001 to March 2017. We recorded patient, tumor, and treatment characteristics; survival times from start of palliative trastuzumab; and rates of cardiac toxicity. Survival distribution was summarized using the following percentiles (represented scenario): 90th (worst-case), 75th (lower-typical), 25th (upper-typical), and 10th (best-case). Survival times were compared to recent review of HER2-positive MBC randomized trials. Factors associated with survival were assessed with Cox models. RESULTS: Characteristics of the 126 patients were: median age 53 years, ER positive cancer (50%), de-novo metastatic disease (23%), prior adjuvant trastuzumab (15%), liver metastases (37%), and brain metastases (23%). The median duration of first-line trastuzumab was 11 months (interquartile range, (IQR) 5-27). Survival times in months (vs the systematic review) were: 90th percentile 8 (9); 75th percentile 16 (19); and median 34 (33). Follow-up duration was insufficient to estimate the 25th and 10th percentiles, similar to the systematic review. Liver metastases were associated with shorter survival (HR = 1.74, 95% CI, 1.1-2.76, P = .02). Seventy percent of patients had a baseline cardiac assessment. Five patients (3.9%) developed symptomatic cardiac toxicity, similar to clinical trials. CONCLUSION: Survival and cardiac toxicity rates for women starting trastuzumab in routine practice were comparable to clinical trials. Oncologists can use clinical trial data as a reference point when explaining survival outcomes to women with HER2-positive MBC.
PURPOSE: (1) To determine the safety of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antibody cetuximab with concurrent gemcitabine and abdominal radiation in the treatment of patients with locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. (2) To evaluate the feasibility of pancreatic cancer cell epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) molecular profiling as a potential predictor of response to anti-EGFR treatment. METHODS: Patients with non-metastatic, locally advanced pancreatic cancer were treated in this dose escalation study with gemcitabine (0-300 mg/m(2)/week) given concurrently with cetuximab (400 mg/m(2) loading dose, 250 mg/m(2) weekly maintenance dose) and abdominal irradiation (50.4 Gy). Expression of E-cadherin and vimentin was assessed by immunohistochemistry in diagnostic endoscopic ultrasound fine-needle aspiration (EUS-FNA) specimens. RESULTS: Sixteen patients were enrolled in 4 treatment cohorts with escalating doses of gemcitabine. Incidence of grade 1-2 adverse events was 96%, and incidence of 3-4 adverse events was 9%. There were no treatment-related mortalities. Two patients who exhibited favorable treatment response underwent surgical exploration and were intraoperatively confirmed to have unresectable tumors. Median overall survival was 10.5 months. Pancreatic cancer cell expression of E-cadherin and vimentin was successfully determined in EUS-FNA specimens from 4 patients. CONCLUSIONS: Cetuximab can be safely administered with abdominal radiation and concurrent gemcitabine (up to 300 mg/m(2)/week) in patients with locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. This combined therapy modality exhibited limited activity. Diagnostic EUS-FNA specimens could be analyzed for molecular markers of EMT in a minority of patients with pancreatic cancer.
Yes-associated protein (YAP) is a downstream target of the Hippo pathway and has been found to be oncogenic driving many cancers into developing metastatic phenotypes leading to poor survival outcomes. This study investigated if YAP expression is associated with drug resistance in two non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) lines (HCC827 and H1975) generated to become resistant to the EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR TKI) erlotinib, gefitinib or the T790M-specific osimertinib. We found that acquired EGFR TKI resistance was associated with YAP over-expression (osimertinib-resistant cells) or YAP amplification (erlotinib- and gefitinib-resistant cells) along with EMT phenotypic changes. YAP was localized in the nucleus, indicative of active protein. siRNA-mediated silencing of YAP resulted in re-sensitizing the drug-resistant cells to EGFR TKI compared to the negative siRNA controls (p = <0.05). These results suggest YAP is a potential mechanism of EGFR-TKI resistance in NSCLC and may presents itself as a viable therapeutic target.
Giulio Bizzozero classified the tissues concerning their capacity to self-renew during the adult life in labile, stable and permanent tissues. In 1940 Viktor Hamburger and Rita Levi Montalcini exposed the possibility to induce the growth of permanent cells thanks to a specific ligand Nerve Growth Factor (NGF). Stanley Cohen purified a protein the Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF), able to induce epidermis proliferation and to elicit precocious eye disclosure and teeth eruption, establishing the "inverse" relationships between the proliferation and differentiation. These two biological effects induced by EGF were according to EGFR signaling is involved in a large array of cellular functions such as proliferation, survival, adhesion, migration and differentiation. This review is focused on the key role of growth factors signaling and their downstream effectors in physiological and in pathological phenomena, the authors highlight the governance of Growth factors during the EMT in cancer invasion.
Targeted adenoviral gene delivery using human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2/neu) is one of the promising strategies for enhancing the transduction efficacy of PEGylated adenovirus (PEG-ADV). The viral capsid of adenovirus carrying the green fluorescent protein (GFP) was conjugated with bifunctional polyethylene glycol (PEG). The surface of PEG-ADV was then further conjugated with anti-HER2/neu monoclonal antibody (MAb), Herceptin (Trastuzumab; HER) to grant HER2/neu over-expressed breast cancer cells specific targeting. The PEG-ADV and Herceptin immobilized PEG-ADV (HER-PEG-ADV) extents of retargeting were evaluated, as compared to those of naked ADV. In summary, HER-PEG-ADV exhibited more enhanced level of GFP expression than PEG-ADV did for MDA-MB-435 and MDA-MB-468 cells (a HER2/neu positive cell line), but not for a HER2/neu deficient U251N cells. PEGylated ADV significantly reduced innate immune response likewise, as judged from the amount of interleukin 6 released from macrophage cells. Consequently, this study suggests that HER-PEG-ADV conjugates enable ADV to become more potential therapeutic tools through overcoming the limitation of ADV against immune system and non-specificity.
Few germline genetic variants have been robustly linked with breast cancer outcomes. We conducted trans-ethnic meta genome-wide association study (GWAS) of overall survival (OS) in 3973 breast cancer patients from the Pathways Study, one of the largest prospective breast cancer survivor cohorts. A locus spanning the UACA gene, a key regulator of tumor suppressor Par-4, was associated with OS in patients taking Par-4 dependent chemotherapies, including anthracyclines and anti-HER2 therapy, at a genome-wide significance level ([Formula: see text]). This association was confirmed in meta-analysis across four independent prospective breast cancer cohorts (combined hazard ratio = 1.84, [Formula: see text]). Transcriptome-wide association study revealed higher UACA gene expression was significantly associated with worse OS ([Formula: see text]). Our study identified the UACA locus as a genetic predictor of patient outcome following treatment with anthracyclines and/or anti-HER2 therapy, which may have clinical utility in formulating appropriate treatment strategies for breast cancer patients based on their genetic makeup.
Due to the strong selectivity and permeability of tumor tissue, anti-cancer peptide-drug conjugates (PDCs) can accumulate high concentration of toxic payloads at the target, effectively killing tumor cells. This approach holds great promise for tumor-targeted treatment. In our previous study, we identified the optimal peptide P1 (NPNWGRSWYNQRFK) targeting HER2 from pertuzumab, a monoclonal antibody that blocks the HER2 signaling pathway. Here, a series of PDCs were constructed through connecting P1 and CPT with different linkers. Among these, Z8 emerged as the optimal compound, demonstrating good antitumor activity and targeting ability in biological activity tests. Z8 exhibited IC(50) values of 1.04 +/- 0.24 muM and 1.91 +/- 0.71 muM against HER2-positive SK-BR-3 and NCI-N87 cells, respectively. Moreover, superior antitumor activity and higher biosafety of Z8 were observed compared to the positive control CPT in vivo, suggesting a novel idea for the construction of PDCs.
Aim: The main goal was to create two new groups of indole derivatives, hydrazine-1-carbothioamide (4a and 4b) and oxadiazole (5, and 6a-e) that target EGFR (4a, 4b, 5) or VEGFR-2 (6a-e). Materials & methods: The new derivatives were characterized using various spectroscopic techniques. Docking studies were used to investigate the binding patterns to EGFR/VEGFR-2, and the anti-proliferative properties were tested in vitro. Results: Compounds 4a (targeting EGFR) and 6c (targeting VEGFR-2) were the most effective cytotoxic agents, arresting cancer cells in the G2/M phase and inducing the extrinsic apoptosis pathway. Conclusion: The results of this study show that compounds 4a and 6c are promising cytotoxic compounds that inhibit the tyrosine kinase activity of EGFR and VEGFR-2, respectively.
The interplay of metabolism and epigenetic regulatory mechanisms has become a focal point for a better understanding of cancer development and progression. In this study, we have acquired data supporting previous observations that demonstrate glutamine metabolism affects histone modifications in human breast cancer cell lines. Treatment of non-invasive epithelial (T-47D and MDA-MB-361) and invasive mesenchymal (MDA-MB-231 and Hs-578T) breast cancer cell lines with the glutaminase inhibitor, Compound 968, resulted in cytotoxicity in all cell lines, with the greatest effect being observed in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. Compound 968-treatment induced significant downregulation of 20 critical cancer-related genes, the majority of which are anti-apoptotic and/or promote metastasis, including AKT, BCL2, BCL2L1, CCND1, CDKN3, ERBB2, ETS1, E2F1, JUN, KITLG, MYB, and MYC. Histone H3K4me3, a mark of transcriptional activation, was reduced at the promoters of all but one of these critical cancer genes. The decrease in histone H3K4me3 at global and gene-specific levels correlated with reduced expression of SETD1 and ASH2L, genes encoding the histone H3K4 methyltransferase complex. Further, the expression of other epigenetic regulatory genes, known to be downregulated during apoptosis (e.g., DNMT1, DNMT3B, SETD1 and SIRT1), was also downregulated by Compound 968. These changes in gene expression and histone modifications were accompanied by the activation of apoptosis, and decreased invasiveness and resistance of MDA-MB-231 cells to chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin. The results of this study provide evidence to a link between cytotoxicity caused by inhibiting glutamine metabolism with alterations of the epigenome of breast cancer cells and suggest that modification of intracellular metabolism may enhance the efficiency of epigenetic therapy.
HannaH (NCT00950300) and PrefHer (NCT01401166) studies validated the subcutaneous (H-s.c.) formulation of trastuzumab as effective and safe as intravenous (H-i.v.) and highly preferred by patients in early breast cancer. The present randomised MetaspHer trial (NCT01810393) is the first study assessing patient's preference in metastatic setting. METHODS: Patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer who completed a first line chemotherapy with trastuzumab and achieved a long-term response lasting more than 3 years were randomised to receive 3 cycles of 600-mg fixed-dose adjuvant H-s.c., followed by 3 cycles of standard H-i.v., or the reverse sequence. Primary end-point was overall preference for H-s.c. or H-i.v. at cycle six, assessed by Patient Preference Questionnaire (PPQ). Secondary end-points included healthcare professional (HCP) satisfaction; safety and tolerability; quality of life. RESULTS: Hundred and thirteen patients were randomised and treated. H-s.c. was preferred by 79/92 evaluable intent-to-treat patients (85.9%, 95% confidence interval [CI; 78.8-93.0]; p < 0.001), 13/92 preferred H-i.v. (14.1%, 95% CI [7.0-21.3]). HCPs were most satisfied with H-s.c. (56/88 available data, 63.6%, [53.6-73.7]). On the safety population, adverse events occurred in 73 (67.6%) and 49 (44.1%) patients during the H-s.c. and H-i.v. periods, respectively; 7 (6.5%) and 4 (3.6%) were grade >/= III, 3 (2.8%) and 2 (1.8%) were serious. CONCLUSION: The safety was consistent with the known H-i.v. and H-s.c. profiles without safety concern raised. Definitively, patients preferred H-s.c. as reported in early stage by PrefHer study.
OBJECTIVES: Osimertinib is a standard treatment for patients with EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and is highly effective for brain metastases (BMs). However, it is unclear whether local treatment (LT) for BMs prior to osimertinib administration improves survival in EGFR-mutant NSCLC. We aimed to reveal the survival benefit of upfront local treatment (LT) for BMs in patients treated with osimertinib. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This multicenter retrospective study included consecutive patients with EGFR mutation (19del or L858R)-positive NSCLC who had BMs before osimertinib initiation between August 2018 and October 2021. We compared overall survival (OS) and central nervous system progression-free survival (CNS-PFS) between patients who received upfront LT for BMs (the upfront LT group), and patients who received osimertinib only (the osimertinib-alone group). Inverse-probability treatment weighting (IPTW) analysis was performed to adjust for potential confounding factors. RESULTS: Of the 121 patients analyzed, 57 and 64 patients had 19del and L858R, respectively. Forty-five and 76 patients were included in the upfront LT group and the osimertinib-alone groups, respectively. IPTW-adjusted Kaplan-Meier curves showed that the OS of the upfront LT group was significantly longer than that of the osimertinib-alone group (median, 95 % confidence intervals [95 %CI]: Not reached [NR], NR-NR vs. 31.2, 21.7-33.2; p = 0.021). The hazard ratio (HR) for OS and CNS-PFS was 0.37 (95 %CI, 0.16-0.87) and 0.36 (95 %CI, 0.15-0.87), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The OS and CNS-PFS of patients who received upfront LT for BMs followed by osimertinib were significantly longer than those of patients who received osimertinib alone. Upfront LT for BMs may be beneficial in patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC treated with osimertinib.
The proviral integration of Moloney virus (PIM) family of protein kinases are overexpressed in many haematological and solid tumours. PIM kinase expression is elevated in PI3K inhibitor-treated breast cancer samples, suggesting a major resistance pathway for PI3K inhibitors in breast cancer, potentially limiting their clinical utility. IBL-302 is a novel molecule that inhibits both PIM and PI3K/AKT/mTOR signalling. We thus evaluated the preclinical activity of IBL-302, in a range of breast cancer models. Our results demonstrate in vitro efficacy of IBL-302 in a range of breast cancer cell lines, including lines with acquired resistance to trastuzumab and lapatinib. IBL-302 demonstrated single-agent, anti-tumour efficacy in suppression of pAKT, pmTOR and pBAD in the SKBR-3, BT-474 and HCC-1954 HER2+/PIK3CA-mutated cell lines. We have also shown the in vivo single-agent efficacy of IBL-302 in the subcutaneous BT-474 and HCC-1954 xenograft model in BALB/c nude mice. The combination of trastuzumab and IBL-302 significantly increased the anti-proliferative effect in HER2+ breast cancer cell line, and matched trastuzumab-resistant line, relative to testing either drug alone. We thus believe that the novel PIM and PI3K/mTOR inhibitor, IBL-302, represents an exciting new potential treatment option for breast cancer, and that it should be considered for clinical investigation.
Since its introduction in the 1970s, endocrine therapy that targets the estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) signaling pathway has had tremendous success in the clinic in estrogen receptor positive (ER+) breast cancer. However, resistance to endocrine therapy eventually develops in virtually all patients with metastatic disease. Endocrine resistance is a primary unaddressed medical need for ER+ metastatic breast cancer patients. It has been shown that tumors become resistant through various mechanisms, converging on the acquisition of genetic alterations of ER, components of the MAP kinase pathway, or transcription factors (TFs). For instance, mutations in the human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) lead to complete resistance to all current endocrine therapies including aromatase inhibitors, selective estrogen receptor modulators, and selective estrogen receptor degraders, as well as cross-resistance to CDK4/6 inhibitors (CDK4/6is). Emerging evidence points to an intriguing connection between endocrine-resistant tumors and the HER2-low subtype. Specifically, recent studies and our analysis of a publicly available breast cancer dataset both indicate that metastatic ER+ breast cancer with endocrine resistance conferred through acquired genetic alterations can often be classified as HER2-low rather than HER2-0/HER2-negative. Limited data suggest that acquired endocrine resistance can also be accompanied by a subtype switch. Therefore, we suggest that there is an underappreciated association between the HER2-low subtype and endocrine resistance. In this perspective piece, we explore the evidence linking the HER2-low subtype with the various pathways to endocrine resistance and suggest that there are signaling networks in HER2-low tumors that intersect endocrine resistance and can be effectively targeted.
Previous studies indicated that BRCA haploinsufficiency was associated with activation of the EGF receptor (EGFR) signaling pathway and increased proliferative activity in mammary epithelial cells of healthy women. We hypothesized that these processes might be reflected in the expression of serologic soluble EGFR (sEGFR) and thymidine kinase 1 (TK1) activity, which signal the initial and final steps of the proliferative pathway, respectively. We found that healthy carriers of BRCA1/2 mutations (n = 80) showed a significantly higher TK1 activity than age-matched controls (P = 0.0003), and TK1 activity was similar in women with BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations (P = 0.74). The sEGFR concentration was significantly higher in women with BRCA1 than in controls and BRCA2 mutation (P = 0.013 and 0.002, respectively). During follow-up, four of 80 BRCA1/2 mutation carriers developed breast cancer. These women showed a significantly higher TK1 activity and somewhat higher sEGFR concentrations than the other 76 BRCA1/2 carriers (P = 0.04 and 0.09, respectively). All tumors were negative for ovarian hormone receptors, but showed a high EGFR expression. This study was limited by the short-term follow-up (mean, 27 months; range, 5-45), which resulted in a small sample size. Women with BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations that had undergone risk-reducing bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy (BSO) showed significantly lower sEGFR compared with those without surgery (P = 0.007 and 0.038, respectively). Larger, prospective studies are warranted to investigate whether TK1 and sEGFR measurements may be useful for identifying healthy BRCA1/2 carriers with high risk of developing breast cancer; moreover, sEGFR measurements may serve as effective tools for assessing risk before and after BSO.
AIM OF THE STUDY: Clinical practice guidelines (CPG) are an appropriate method to optimise routine clinical care. Numerous CPGs for the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer have been developed by national health institutions or medical societies. While a comparison of methodological criteria has been undertaken before, it is unknown whether these CPGs differ in their actual treatment recommendations. METHODS: We included national breast cancer CPGs from the USA, Canada, Australia, the UK, and Germany that satisfy internationally recognised methodological criteria and are in widespread use in daily clinical care. Treatment recommendations for adjuvant invasive breast cancer including surgery, radiation, endocrine therapy, chemotherapy and anti-HER2-therapy were compared. RESULTS: Recommendations for endocrine therapy show discordances regarding optimal usage of ovarian function suppression for premenopausal patients and aromatase inhibitors for postmenopausal patients. However, most other treatment recommendations exhibit a large degree of congruency. This reflects the fact that they rest on the same evidence base, and that many national guidelines are adopted from other guidelines so that well accepted guidelines are cited within other guidelines. CONCLUDING STATEMENT: Considering that the development of guidelines is a very expensive and resource-intensive task the question arises whether the development of national guidelines in numerous countries is worth the effort since the recommendations differ only marginally.
A study of patients with advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) evaluated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation status and serum hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) for their associations with response to gefitinib therapy and prognostic impact. An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to determine levels of HGF in serum from 96 Japanese patients with advanced non-squamous NSCLC. The peptic nucleic acid-locked nucleic acid clamp method was used to determine their EGFR somatic mutation status. We evaluated the relationship between each independent clinicopathological variable and the response to gefitinib therapy and risk factors associated with prognosis. HGF-positive serum status (hazard ratio, 1.536; 95% confidence interval, 1.042-2.400; P = 0.0295) had a significant and independent negative effect on progression-free survival among patients with wild-type EGFR. We demonstrate that having HGF-positive serum is predictive of a negative response to gefitinib therapy in patients with advanced NSCLC who harbor wild-type EGFR.
INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to detect the survivin, carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and ErbB2 in the saliva, serum and local tumor-exfoliated cells of oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) patients, for providing reliable tumor markers for the early detection of oral malignant cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The saliva, serum, and local tumor-exfoliated cell samples of 26 OSCC patients without chemotherapy and 10 non-cancer patients were collected in Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, School of Stomatology, Peking University. The contents of survivin, CEA and ErbB2 using were detected usingenzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: The survivin and CEA levels in saliva and local tumor-exfoliated cells of OSCC patients were significantly higher than those in the non-cancer patients (P < 0.05), but there was no significant difference in the content of the above factors in the serum sample between two groups. There was no significant difference in the ErbB2 content in the saliva, serum or local tumor-exfoliated cells between two groups. CONCLUSION: Survivin and CEA levels are significantly increased in the saliva and local tumor-exfoliated cells in OSCC patients, and they can be used as reliable markers for the early detection of oral malignant cancer.
Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR), a transmembrane tyrosine kinase receptor, belongs to the ErbB receptor family, also known as HER1 or ErbB1. Its abnormal expression and activation contribute to tumor development, especially in non-small cell lung cancer (NCSCL). The first-to fourth-generation inhibitors of EGFR were developed to solve mutations at different sites, but the problem of resistance has not been fundamentally addressed. Targeted protein degradation (TPD) technologies, including PROteolysis Targeting Chimeras (PROTACs) and LYsosome Targeting Chimeras (LYTACs), take advantages of protein destruction mechanism in cells, which make up for shortcomings of traditional small molecular occupancy-driven inhibitors. PROTACs based heterobifunctional EGFR degraders were recently developed by making use of wild-type (WT) and mutated EGFR inhibitors. These degraders compared with EGFR inhibitors showed better efficiency in their cellular potency, inhibition and toxicity profiles. In this review, we first introduce the structural properties of EGFR, the inhibitors that have been developed against WT/mutated EGFR, and then mainly focuses on the recent advances of EGFR-targeting degraders along with its limitations and unlimited prospects.
Background and Aim: As one of the second-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors, afatinib brings survival benefits to patients with common and rare EGFR mutations. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness and safety of 30 and 40 mg of afatinib in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) using qualitative and quantitative analysis methods so as to provide reference for clinical medication. Methods: The PubMed, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and WanFang databases were thoroughly searched from inception to February 26, 2021. Two researchers independently screened the literature, extracted data, and evaluated the quality. RevMan and Stata 15.0 were used for meta-analysis. Results: Twelve cohort studies including 1290 patients for final analysis were selected; of which, 1129 patients were analyzed to measure the effectiveness outcomes and 470 patients were analyzed for safety outcomes. In patients with non-brain metastasis, the progression-free survival of the first- or second-line treatment with reduced-dose afatinib was equivalent to the conventional dose. In terms of safety, the reduced dose could significantly lower the incidence of severe diarrhea and severe rash, but not the total incidence of diarrhea, rash, and all levels of paronychia. Conclusions: The incidence of common serious adverse reactions was significantly lower with 30 mg of afatinib than with 40 mg of afatinib in patients with NSCLC. The effectiveness appeared to be similar to that in patients with non-brain metastasis. This study provides a reference for clinical dose reduction of afatinib. Systematic Review Registration: [PROSPERO], identifier [CRD42021238043].
PURPOSE: To evaluate the association between dietary fat and fat subtype and breast cancer development. METHODS: We conducted a case-control study with 1181 cases of incident breast cancer, diagnosed between 2007 and 2012, and 1682 population controls frequency matched (by age, sex, and region) from the Spanish multicenter case-control study MCC-Spain. RESULTS: We found a significant protective effect in premenopausal women of total fat intake [OR 0.51 95% CI (0.31-0.86) highest versus lowest tertile], but no effect was observed in menopausal women [OR 1.15 95% CI (0.83-1.60)]. Analyzing by type of fat, this protective effect persisted only for the monounsaturated fatty acids [OR 0.51 95% CI (0.32-0.82)]. In contrast, other fatty acids did not have a significant effect. In addition, a protection against risk of breast cancer was found when polyunsaturated fats were "substituted" by monounsaturated, maintaining the same total fat intake [OR 0.68 95% CI (0.47-0.99)]. Finally, analyzing by breast cancer subtype, we found no effect, except in premenopausal women where intake of moderate [OR 0.52 95% CI (0.33-0.82)] and high monounsaturated fatty acids [OR 0.47 95% CI (0.27-0.82)] maintains a protective effect against ER/PR + tumors. In contrast, in menopausal women, a high intake of monounsaturated fatty acids was associated with higher risk of HER2 + tumors [OR 2.00 95% CI (0.97-4.13)]. CONCLUSION: Our study shows a differential effect of monounsaturated fatty acids according to menopausal status and breast cancer subtype.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a heterogeneous disease with distinct molecular subtypes that respond differentially to chemotherapy and targeted agents. The absence of high-frequency molecular alterations and a limited number of known biomarkers have limited the development of therapeutic strategies for the disease. Herein, we summarize the results of the first round of targeted therapy approaches in TNBC and discuss new preclinical strategies. Common themes emerge from the proposed strategies, such as the use of biomarkers to identify tumours with genomic instability, targeting adapted molecular states resulting from tumour suppressor loss, and targeting altered metabolic pathways.
PURPOSE: ERBB2 overexpression/amplification in RAS/BRAF wild-type (WT) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC; human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 [HER2]-positive mCRC) appears to be associated with limited benefit from anti-EGFR antibodies and promising responses to dual-HER2 inhibition; however, comparative efficacy has not been investigated. We conducted a randomized phase II trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of dual-HER2 inhibition against standard-of-care anti-EGFR antibody-based therapy as second/third-line treatment in HER2-positive mCRC. METHODS: Patients with RAS/BRAF-WT mCRC after central confirmation of HER2 positivity (immunohistochemistry 3+ or 2+ and in situ hybridization amplified [HER2/CEP17 ratio >2.0]) were assigned (1:1) to either trastuzumab plus pertuzumab (TP; trastuzumab 6 mg/kg and pertuzumab 420 mg once every 3 weeks) or cetuximab plus irinotecan (CETIRI; cetuximab 500 mg/m(2) and irinotecan 180 mg/m(2) once every 2 weeks) until progression or unacceptable toxicity. Crossover to TP was allowed after progression on CETIRI. The primary end point was progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary end points included objective response rate (ORR), overall survival, safety, and HER2 gene copy number (GCN >/=20/<20) as a predictive factor. RESULTS: Between October 2017 and March 2022, 54 participants were assigned to TP (n = 26) and CETIRI (n = 28). Median PFS did not vary significantly by treatment: 4.7 (95% CI, 1.9 to 7.6) and 3.7 (95% CI, 1.6 to 6.7) months in the TP and CETIRI groups, respectively. Efficacy of TP versus CETIRI differed significantly by HER2 GCN (median PFS, GCN >/=20 [9.9 v 2.9 months] and GCN <20 [3.0 v 4.2 months], respectively; P interaction = .003). On TP, ORR was 34.6% (57.1% with GCN >/=20 v 9.1% with GCN <20) with median GCN of 29.7 versus 13.2 for responders and nonresponders, respectively (P = .004). Grade >/=3 adverse events occurred in 23.1% and 46.1% of participants with TP and CETIRI, respectively. CONCLUSION: TP appears to be a safe and effective cytotoxic chemotherapy-free option for patients with RAS/BRAF-WT, HER2-positive mCRC. Higher levels of HER2 amplification were associated with greater degree of clinical benefit from TP vis-a-vis CETIRI.
BACKGROUND: In non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients off erlotinib therapy, positron emission tomography (PET) using [(11)C]erlotinib distinguished epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations from wild-type EGFR. However, tumor uptake of [(11)C]erlotinib during erlotinib therapy is unknown. Therefore, the aims of this study were to evaluate tumor [(11)C]erlotinib uptake in NSCLC patients both on and off erlotinib therapy, to evaluate the effect of erlotinib therapy on tumor perfusion and its correlation to tumor [(11)C]erlotinib uptake, and also, to investigate simplified uptake parameters using arterial and venous blood samples. METHODS: Ten patients were to be scanned twice with a 1-2-week interval, i.e., on (E+) and off (E-) erlotinib therapy. Each procedure consisted of a low-dose CT scan, a 10-min dynamic [(15)O]H2O PET scan, and a 60-min dynamic [(11)C]erlotinib PET scan with arterial and venous sampling at six time points. In patients(E+), the optimal compartment model was analyzed using Akaike information criterion. In patients(E-), the uptake parameter was the volume of distribution (V T), estimated by using metabolite-corrected plasma input curves based on image-derived input functions and discrete arterial and venous blood samples. Tumor blood flow (TBF) was determined by rate constant of influx (K1) of [(15)O]H2O using the 1T2k model and correlated with V T and K1 values of [(11)C]erlotinib. The investigated simplified parameters were standardized uptake value (SUV) and tumor-to-blood ratio (TBR) at 40-60 min pi interval. RESULTS: Of the 13 patients included, ten were scanned twice. In patients(E+), [(11)C]erlotinib best fitted the 2T4k model with V T. In all patients, tumor V T(E+) was lower than V T(E-) (median V T(E-) = 1.61, range 0.77-3.01; median V T(E+) = 1.17, range 0.53-1.74; P = 0.004). Using [(15)O]H2O, five patients were scanned twice. TBF did not change with erlotinib therapy, TBF showed a positive trend towards correlation with [(11)C]erlotinib K1, but not with V T. TBR40-50 and TBR50-60, using both arterial and venous sampling, correlated with V T(E-) (all r s >0.9, P < 0.001), while SUV did not. In patients off and on therapy, venous TBR underestimated arterial TBR by 26 +/- 12 and 9 +/- 9 %, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In patients on erlotinib in therapeutic dose, tumor V T decreases with high variability, independent of tumor perfusion. For simplification of [(11)C]erlotinib PET scanning protocols, both arterial and venous TBR 40-60 min post injection can be used; however, arterial and venous TBR values should not be interchanged as venous values underestimate arterial values. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at the Netherlands Trial Registry: NTR3670 .
Increased expression of GLI1, the main Hedgehog signalling pathway effector, is related to unfavourable prognosis and progressive disease of certain breast cancer subtypes. We used conditional transgenic mice induced to overexpress GLI1 in the mammary epithelium either alone or in combination with deletion of one Trp53 allele to address the role of elevated GLI1 expression in breast tumour initiation and progression. Induced GLI1 expression facilitates mammary gland tumour formation and this was further increased upon heterozygous deletion of Trp53. The GLI1-induced primary tumours were of different murine molecular subtypes, including Normal-like(Ex) , Class8(Ex) , Claudin-Low(Ex) and Erbb2-like(Ex) . The gene expression profiles of some of the tumours correlated well with the PAM50 subtypes for human breast cancer. Whole-exome sequencing revealed somatic mutation profiles with only little overlap between the primary tumours. Orthotopically serially transplanted GLI1-induced tumours maintained the main morphological characteristics of the primary tumours for >/=10 generations. Independent of Trp53 status and molecular subtype, the serially transplanted GLI1-induced tumours were able to grow both in the absence of transgenic GLI1 expression and in the presence of the GLI1 inhibitor GANT61. These data suggest that elevated GLI1 expression has a determinant role in tumour initiation; however, additional genetic events are required for tumour progression.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a validated oncogenic driver in numerous solid tumors, and resistance to first- and second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors continues to limit clinical outcomes. In recent years, 1,2,3-triazole scaffolds have been extensively hybridized with diverse heterocycles to enhance potency, selectivity, and pharmacokinetic properties against wild-type and mutant EGFR. This review systematically classifies over 130 triazole-based EGFR inhibitors according to their co-scaffold architectures-including quinazoline, chromene/coumarin, pyridine/pyrimidine, quinoline, benzimidazole, indole, oxindole/isatin, imidazole, oxadiazole, thiadiazine, and natural-product-inspired hybrids-and analyzes structure-activity relationships (SAR), key hinge-binding interactions, docking and molecular dynamics insights, and ADMET profiles. For each class, we highlight lead compounds that achieved sub-nanomolar to low-micromolar EGFR inhibition, delineate substituent effects on kinase affinity and cellular antiproliferative activity, and discuss strategies to overcome common resistance mutations (e.g., L858R, T790M, C797S). Computational studies are integrated to reveal binding modes within the ATP-cleft and allosteric pockets, supporting the rational design of next-generation inhibitors. Finally, we identify current challenges-such as off-target toxicity and limited aqueous solubility-and propose future directions for optimizing triazole hybrids toward clinical translation. This scaffold-centric perspective aims to guide medicinal chemists in designing innovative triazole-based EGFR inhibitors with improved efficacy and safety profiles.
INTRODUCTION: In patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the predictive value of rare epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 20 mutations in determining a patient's response to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) treatment is unclear. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We reviewed data for NSCLC patients harboring EGFR exon 20 mutations from two hospitals in Korea. EGFR mutations were analyzed using directional sequencing. RESULTS: We identified eight patients carrying EGFR exon 20 mutations, seven of whom had insertional mutations. Three patients carried previously unreported insertional mutations. Among six patients who were treated with EGFR TKI, one showed stable disease and three showed primary resistance. Response evaluations were not performed for the other two patients because of their clinical deterioration. CONCLUSIONS: EGFR exon 20 insertional mutations, including three that were previously unreported, were associated with the poor response of patients to TKI treatment.
Circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), i.e., DNA shed from tumor cells into the bloodstream, is emerging as one of the most useful plasma biomarkers in patients with multiple types of cancer, including patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Indeed, NSCLC was the first malignancy in which measurement of ctDNA was approved for clinical use, i.e., mutational testing of EGFR for predicting response to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors in patients with advanced disease. Although historically the gold standard method for EGFR mutational analysis required tumor tissue, the use of ctDNA is more convenient and safer for patients, results in a faster turn-around-time for return of results, provides a more complete representation of genetic alteration in heterogeneous tumors and is less costly to perform. Emerging uses of ctDNA in patients with lung or suspected lung cancer include screening for early disease, surveillance following initial treatment and monitoring response to therapy in metastatic disease. For evaluating therapy response, ctDNA appears to be especially useful in patients receiving targeted therapies against driver oncogenes or immunotherapy. Further work should not only validate these emerging findings but also aim to optimize and standardize ctDNA assays.
The role of EGF receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in the treatment of lung cancer without activating EGFR mutations has been a controversial issue, particularly their relative efficacy over the available chemotherapy in the second- and third-line setting. VeriStrat is a serum/plasma proteomic test developed using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization methodology, aiming at predicting benefit from EGFR treatment. The VeriStrat algorithm has been interrogated retrospectively and prospectively in samples from randomised trials, such as the PROSE study, confirming the prognostic information associated with the signature. In addition, the test appeared to be predictive of erlotinib impact on survival, as only VeriStrat Good patients benefited from such a treatment. Additional studies should confirm and further define its role in predicting EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor benefit, and to establish its better use in terms of clinical efficiency identifying which patients are candidates for the test, at which time on the history of the disease, and lastly at what extra cost.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of lapatinib in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients who received lapatinib for salvage treatment at any line setting from January 1, 2007 to August 31, 2019 at Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute. RESULTS: A total of 115 (89.1%) patients were included in the study. In the overall cohort, the median disease-free survival (DFS) was 19.0 months; the median progression-free survival (PFS), 6.3 months; and median overall survival (OS), 88.0 months, with 32.2% of patients alive at 5 years. In the second line setting, the median PFS among trastuzumab, lapatinib, and trastuzumab plus lapatinib were 4.2 months, 5.2 months, and 7.3 months, respectively (P = 0.004). No significant differences between the median PFSs and OSs of the different line salvage treatments with lapatinib was observed (all P > 0.05). For brain metastasis patients, the median PFSs in first line, second line, and more than 3 lines were 7.2 months, 4.5 months, and 6.3 months, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that patients would benefit more from trastuzumab plus lapatinib than from lapatinib or trastuzumab alone for second line treatment in the advanced stages of the disease. Lapatinib could be used as an alternative selection for HER2-positive metastasic breast cancer patients when there is disease progression after trastuzumab or pyrotinib treatment, which is used as part of China's national health insurance.
Steroid receptor coactivator 2 (SRC-2) is a nuclear receptor coactivator, important for the regulation of estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha)-mediated transcriptional activity in breast cancer cells. However, the transcriptional role of SRC-2 in breast cancer is still ambiguous. Here we aimed to unravel a more precise transcriptional role of SRC-2 and uncover unique target genes in MCF-7 breast cancer cells, as opposed to the known oncogene SRC-3. Gene expression analyses of cells depleted of either SRC-2 or SRC-3 showed that they transcriptionally regulate mostly separate gene sets. However, individual unique gene sets were implicated in some of the same major gene ontology biological processes, such as cellular structure and development. This finding was supported by three-dimensional cell cultures, demonstrating that depletion of SRC-2 and SRC-3 changed the morphology of the cells into epithelial-like hollow acinar structures, indicating that both SRC proteins are involved in maintaining the hybrid E/M phenotype. In clinical ER-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer samples the expression of SRC-2 was negatively correlated with the expression of MCF-7-related luminal, cell cycle and cellular morphogenesis genes. Finally, elucidating SRC-2 unique transcriptional effects, we identified Lyn kinase (an EMT biomarker) to be upregulated exclusively after SRC-2 depletion. In conclusion, we show that both SRC-2 and SRC-3 are essential for the EMT in breast cancer cells, controlling different transcriptional niches.
Ado-trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1) is an antibody-drug conjugate approved by the FDA in 2013 for advanced HER2-positive breast cancer treatment exhibiting promising clinical benefits. However, HER2 overexpression and gene amplification have also been reported in other cancers like gastric cancer, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and colorectal cancer. Numerous preclinical studies have also revealed the significant antitumor effect of T-DM1 on HER2-positive tumors. With the advancement in research, several clinical trials have been conducted to investigate the antitumor effect of T-DM1. In this review, we briefly introduced the pharmacological effects of T-DM1. We reviewed its preclinical and clinical studies, especially on other HER2-positive cancers, establishing what has been encountered between its preclinical and clinical studies. In clinical studies, we found that T-DM1 has a therapeutic value on other cancers. An insignificant effect was observed on gastric cancer and NSCLC, inconsistent with the preclinical studies.
PURPOSE: Monitoring of key markers for lung cancer detection and tracking of acquired drug resistance is critical for the management of the disease. We aim to ascertain the value of monitoring both total cell free DNA concentrations and mutant EGFR DNA content within diverse groups of individuals most vulnerable to the disease. METHODS: We proposed longitudinal monitoring of circulating DNA using digital PCR. Circulating DNA present in peripheral blood can be obtained non-invasively and provide timely disease status update. 25 heavy smokers and 50 patients undergoing TKI therapy were recruited. Peripheral blood specimens were taken at different time points and their circulating DNA were analyzed and quantified. RESULTS: Significant higher concentrations of total cell free DNA were detected when compared with healthy high-risk individuals. Levels were stable throughout the treatment cycles, which makes it potentially a useful tool for patient stratification. Concurrent mutant T790M DNA detection of lung cancer patients at baseline achieved 82 % concordance with matched tissue analysis. Samples initially negative for the T790M gene mutation that became positive during treatment were corroborated with a repeat biopsy. The results showed its usefulness for serial monitoring. CONCLUSION: Monitoring of circulating DNA addresses the need for disease detection and shows the ability to capture the dynamic changes of the disease.
BACKGROUND: Smoking is associated with an increased incidence of hormone receptor positive breast cancer. Data regarding worse breast cancer outcome in smokers are accumulating. Current literature regarding the impact of smoking on breast cancer characteristics is limited. We evaluated the impact of smoking on breast cancer characteristics and outcome. METHODS: This was a retrospective single center study. All women diagnosed from 4/2005 through 3/2012 and treated in our institute for early, estrogen receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) negative breast cancer, whose tumors were sent for Oncotype DX analysis were included. Medical records were reviewed for demographics, clinico-pathological parameters, treatment and outcome. Data regarding smoking were retrieved according to patients' history at the first visit in the oncology clinic. Patients were grouped and compared according to smoking history (ever smokers vs. never smokers), smoking status (current vs. former and never smokers) and smoking intensity (pack years >/=30 vs. the rest of the cohort). Outcomes were adjusted in multivariate analyses and included age, menopausal status, ethnicity, tumor size, nodal status and grade. RESULTS: A total of 662 women were included. 28.2% had a history of smoking, 16.6% were current smokers and 11.3% were heavy smokers. Smoking had no impact on tumor size, nodal involvement and Oncotype DX recurrence score. Angiolymphatic and perineural invasion rates were higher in current smokers than in the rest of the cohort (10.4% vs. 5.1%, p = 0.045, 8.3% vs. 3.5%, p = 0.031, respectively). Smoking had no other impact on histological characteristics. Five-year disease free survival and overall survival rates were 95.7% and 98.5%, respectively. Smoking had no impact on outcomes. Adjusted disease free survival and overall survival did not influence the results. CONCLUSIONS: Smoking had no clinically significant influence on tumor characteristics and outcome among women with estrogen receptor positive, HER2 negative, early breast cancer. As the study was limited to a specific subgroup of the breast cancer population in this heterogeneous disease and since smoking is a modifiable risk factor for the disease, further research is required to clarify the possible impact of smoking on breast cancer.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Targeted therapies are emerging as important drugs in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Within the past months, there have been considerable contributions to this topic. The results of several important clinical trials have been published. Furthermore, laboratory results have significantly contributed to clear out some molecular mechanisms regulating sensitivity or resistance to these drugs and to provide rational basis for further clinical studies. RECENT FINDINGS: A great part of recently published research on targeted agents in NSCLC regards EGFR inhibitors. Following the demonstration of activity of gefitinib in patients pretreated with chemotherapy, four large randomized trials testing the addition of gefitinib or erlotinib to first-line chemotherapy have been conducted, but failed to show any advantage. Interestingly, erlotinib has shown efficacy compared with placebo in pretreated patients. Mutations in the EGFR gene have shown a strong predictive role for sensitivity to EGFR inhibitors. A number of other targeted agents are currently under investigation: most of the phase II trials maintain a traditional methodology, with response rate as primary measure of activity. SUMMARY: Recent advances will lead to a rapid expansion of further studies aimed to define the best way to use targeted agents in NSCLC. Several methodological issues are still open. The proper selection of patients, the choice of the best study design and the most appropriate end-point for early clinical trials, and the correct modality to integrate these drugs with traditional chemotherapy represent the most challenging points that research is called to answer in the near future.
BACKGROUND: The prevalence of EGFR/ALK co-alterations in patients with NSCLC was low. The several previous studies focused on the simultaneous occurrence of EGFR mutations and ALK rearrangements in a unifocal lung cancer. However, the incidence of multifocal pulmonary adenocarcinomas was increasingly encountered in clinical practice, due to the increased availability and improvement of the thoracic imaging. The clinical relevance of EGFR/ALK co-alterations in multifocal adenocarcinomas required detailed investigation as well. CASE PRESENTATION: We present the case of a 57-year-old woman with solid nodule in the left upper lung and a ground glass nodule in the left lower lobe, who underwent radical operation. Pathological examination confirmed multifocal adenocarcinoma, molecular tests revealed that the left upper lung lesion was positive for ALK rearrangement but the left lower lobe displayed EGFR mutation positive separately. The patient pulmonary lesions were well controlled by adjuvant chemotherapy and radiation therapy. When brain metastases occurred, EGFR-TKI was not effective after firstly administration, while subsequent ALK inhibitors were efficient. We retrospective evaluated the oncogenic status of metastatic lymph nodes and found that the driver gene was ALK rearrangement rather than EGFR mutation. CONCLUSIONS: The status of the oncogenic mutations in lymph node metastasis may provide some effective hints for metastasis lesion in other organ or tissue. Therefore, it is recommended to fully evaluate the driver genes in lymph node metastasis after radical resection.
Tetrachloro-1,4-benzoquinone (TCBQ), an active metabolite of pentachlorophenol (PCP), is genotoxic and potentially carcinogenic. As an electrophilic and oxidative molecule, TCBQ can conjugate with deoxyguanosine in DNA molecules and/or impose oxidative stress in cells. In the current study, we investigated the effects of TCBQ on intracellular ROS production, apoptosis, and cytotoxicity against three different subtypes of human breast cancer cells. Luminal A subtype MCF7 (ER(+), PR(+), HER2(-)) cells maintained the highest intracellular ROS level and were subjected to TCBQ-induced ROS reduction, apoptosis, and cytotoxicity. HER2 subtype Sk-Br-3 (ER(-), PR(-), HER2(+)) cells possessed the lowest intracellular ROS level. TCBQ promoted ROS production, inhibited apoptosis, and elevated cytotoxicity (due to necrosis) against Sk-Br-3 cells. Triple-negative/basal-like subtype MDA-MB-231 cells were less sensitive towards TCBQ treatment. Therefore, the effect of prolonged exposure to PCP and its active metabolites on cancer growth is highly cancer-cell-type specific.
BACKGROUND: Although the treatment of ERBB2-altered non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been studied for many years, there are no comprehensive studies to evaluate the benefits of various therapies as first-line treatment. Through the development of immunotherapy, more and more different combination treatments were applicated in clinical practice, therefore, we conducted a multicenter retrospective study to evaluate the efficacy of different treatments. METHODS: We enrolled patients with ERBB2-altered NSCLC who had undergone at least one-line systemic anticancer treatment to evaluate the efficacy of first-line chemotherapy alone (Chemo), anti-ERBB2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), chemotherapy plus immunotherapy (Chemo + Immuno), chemotherapy plus anti-angiogenesis therapy (Chemo + Antiangio) and chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy and anti-angiogenesis therapy (Chemo + Immuno + Antiangio). The clinical outcomes included objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), median progression-free survival (mPFS), one-year and three-year survival rate. RESULTS: We enroll 36 patients harboring ERBB2 mutation and 29 with ERBB2 amplification. The overall ORR was 30.8%, DCR was 69.2% and mPFS was 5.7 months. Chemo + Immuno and Chemo + Antiangio both achieved longer mPFS than TKI (7.8 vs 3.6 months, HR: 0.24, 95 %CI: 0.09-0.64, P = 0.002; 5.9 vs 3.6 months, HR: 0.36, 95 %CI: 0.15-0.88, P = 0.019; respectively), while there was no significant difference in mPFS between Chemo + Immuno or Chemo + Antiangio and Chemo (both P > 0.05), the mPFS of the first two was longer. For ERBB2-mutant patients, the mPFS was 5.9 months, and Chemo + Immuno and Chemo + Antiangio both achieved longer mPFS than TKI (12.9 vs 2.9 months, HR: 0.15, 95 %CI: 0.03-0.68, P = 0.005; 7.1 vs 2.9 months, HR: 0.50, 95 %CI: 0.29-0.88, P = 0.009, respectively). In the same therapies, patients with ERBB2 mutation or ERBB2 amplification showed no statistical significance in PFS (both P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In the first-line treatment of ERBB2-altered NSCLC, chemotherapy combined with immunotherapy or anti-angiogenesis therapy may have greater survival benefits than ERBB2-target therapy, but the efficacy may not be better than that of chemotherapy.
BACKGROUND: Taxanes are among the key drugs for breast cancer treatment. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of upfront weekly nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel (Nab-PTX; 100 mg/m(2)) for human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with stage II to IV breast cancer received 12 cycles of weekly 100 mg/m(2) Nab-PTX as first-line treatment. Preoperative chemotherapy with anthracyclines after Nab-PTX was recommended. RESULTS: From 2012 to 2014, we enrolled 66 patients. The overall response rate after Nab-PTX was 59.1% [95% confidence interval(CI)=47.2% to 71.0%), 63.6% in those with hormone receptor-positive tumors, and 36.4% in those with triple-negative tumors. The pathological complete response rate at surgery was 15% (95% CI=6.1% to 24.4%). Toxicity analysis showed grade 2 peripheral neuropathy in 38 patients (57.6%), grade 2/3 leukocytopenia in 29 (43.9%) and grade 2/3 liver dysfunction in five (7.5%). CONCLUSION: Weekly neoadjuvant Nab-PTX at 100 mg/m(2) led to good response rates (59.1%) and was well tolerated.
Comprehensive genomic profiling for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is likely to identify more patients with rare genetic alterations including uncommon epidermal growth factor receptor gene (EGFR) mutations. It remains unclear how such patients should be treated, however. We here report a case of NSCLC positive for two uncommon mutations of EGFR and a KRAS mutation, including its treatment with the second-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) afatinib. Tumor specimen obtained by a NSCLC patient with no smoking history was analyzed by next-generation sequencing. Comprehensive genomic profiling revealed that the patient harbored the EGFR mutations G719C and S768I as well as the E49K mutation of KRAS. Treatment with afatinib was clinically effective as confirmed by PET-CT scans of bone metastases and by a marked decrease in the serum concentration of carcinoembryonic antigen. Afatinib was the most effective among seven EGFR-TKIs tested in inhibiting the growth of Ba/F3 cells expressing EGFR(S768I), showing an efficacy similar to that apparent with cells expressing the common EGFR mutant L858R, whereas first- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs were markedly less effective against EGFR(S768I) than against EGFR(L858R). These data suggest that EGFR-TKIs differ in their activity toward cells expressing EGFR(S768I) in vitro. Consistently, afatinib was clinically effective for the treatment of NSCLC harboring G719C and S768I mutations of EGFR. Further studies are warranted to determine the most appropriate EGFR-TKI for treatment of NSCLC harboring uncommon EGFR mutations.
In view of the fact that insufficiency in immune response often correlates with poor prognosis, research in recent years has focused on the task of describing the precise status and function of the immune system and its possible effect on cancer patients. Although more than two thirds of treated patients respond to endocrine therapy, most patients with metastatic breast cancer develop a resistance to it. Estrogen modulates angiogenesis, partially through its effects on vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). It also appears that transforming growth factor-beta (TGF beta) could be another factor contributing to this resistance. TGF beta is a highly immunosuppressive factor that inhibits natural and specific immunity against tumors and stimulates the production of VEGF. The purpose of the study was to monitor immune responses in patients with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer who were resistant to hormone therapy. The examination of cellular components (CD4, CD8, HLA-DR, NK cells) and humoral immunity (IgG, IgG subclasses, IgA, IgM,). TGF beta and VEGF production were monitored with special attention, along with an analysis of the changes that occurred during the hormonal treatment. 68 patients included in the research project were implemented with routine cancer treatment with endocrine therapy. Basic parameters (the histological type and grade, the degree of expression of estrogen receptors (ER) and progesterone receptors (PR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and the proliferative marker) were established. Patients were evaluated by a cancer clinical immunologist to exclude immune disorders, allergic or autoimmune origin. TGF beta and VEGF were measured by ELISA and antitumor cellular immunity (CD4, CD8) was measured by flow cytometry. Patients who failed in the first line of hormone therapy treatment were considered as resistant to hormone therapy.Depression in cellular immunity was found especially in patients with resistance to endocrine therapy. In addition, immunoglobulin plasma levels were decreased (mainly IgG4 subtype). Most patients showed clinical symptoms of immunodeficiency (frequent infections of respiratory or urinary tract, herpetic infections). Significant increases in TGF beta and VEGF plasma were also detected.The correlation of these factors with resistance to hormonal therapy and the state of anticancer immunity could be helpful in the task of predicting resistance to hormonal therapy and could contribute to the selection of targeted immune therapy in cancer patients in the future.
The role of simultaneous neoadjuvant endocrine therapy in chemotherapy in HR+HER2- breast cancer continues to be controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to further evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this strategy for HR+HER2- breast cancer patients. Trials in which HR+HER2- breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to either single or simultaneous endocrine-assisted neoadjuvant chemotherapy were eligible for inclusion. The prime endpoint was the pathological complete response (pCR) rate. The clinical response (complete clinical response: CR, partial response: PR) and safety were secondary endpoints. A random effect model was used for statistical analysis. A total of 690 patients from five trials were included. PCR rate was 10.43% in the concomitant endocrine group and 7.83% in control group (OR=1.37, 95%CI 0.72-2.60, P=0.34). The CR rate was 15.50% for the concomitant endocrine group and 10.26% for the control group. (OR=1.61, 95%CI 0.99-2.61, P=0.05). ORR (CR+PR) was significantly higher in the simultaneous endocrine group compared to the control group (79.53% (272/342) vs. 70.09% (239/341) , OR=1.70, 95%CI 1.19-2.43, P=0.004) and the meta-analysis approach showed no heterogeneity (I(2 =) 0%, P=0.54) . Tamoxifen concurrent with chemotherapy could increase the frequency of adverse events, whereas aromatase inhibitors (AIs) would not. Our findings provide evidence for the efficacy and safety of concurrent neoadjuvant endocrine therapy (AIs) with chemotherapy as an available option to achieve a higher clinical response rate for HR+HER2- breast cancer patients compared with chemotherapy alone with low toxicity. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier CRD42022340725.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in women. Although many therapeutic approaches are available, systemic chemotherapy remains the primary choice, especially for triple-negative and advanced breast cancers. Unfortunately, systemic chemotherapy causes serious side effects and requires high doses to achieve an effective concentration in the tumor. Thus, the use of nanosystems for drug delivery may overcome these limitations. Herein, we formulated Poly (lactic-co-glycolic acid) nanoparticles (PLGA-NPs) containing Docetaxel, a fluorescent probe, and a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) probe. The cyclic RGD tripeptide was linked to the PLGA surface to actively target alpha(v)beta(3) integrins, which are overexpressed in breast cancer. PLGA-NPs were characterized using dynamic light scattering, fast field-cycling (1)H-relaxometry, and (1)H-nuclear magnetic resonance. Their therapeutic effects were assessed both in vitro in triple-negative and HER2+ breast cancer cells, and in vivo in murine models. In vivo MRI and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry of excised tumors revealed a stronger accumulation of PLGA-NPs in the RGD_PLGA group. Targeted PLGAs have improved therapeutic efficacy and strongly reduced cardiac side effects compared to free Docetaxel. In conclusion, RGD-PLGA is a promising system for breast cancer treatment, with positive outcome in terms of therapeutic efficiency and reduction in side effects.
INTRODUCTION: Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) accounts for approximately 90% of oral malignancies and has a 5-year mortality rate close to 50%. A consistent part (70%) of all oral cancers is diagnosed at an advanced stage since available screening techniques are ineffective. Therefore, it would be urgent to improve them. The diagnostic gold standard is tissue biopsy with histological and immunohistochemical assessment. This method presents some limitations. Biopsy is invasive and the histopathological evaluation is semi-quantitative, and the absolute abundance of the target cannot be reliably determined. In addition, tissue is highly processed and may lead to loss of information of the natural state. The search for classical and new clinical biomarkers on fragments of tissue/cells collected with a cytobrush is a highly hopeful technique for early detection and diagnosis of OSCC, because of its non-invasive sampling and easy collection method. METHODS: Here we analyzed cytobrush biopsies samples collected from the oral cavity of 15 patients with already diagnosed OSCC by applying an innovative high-sensitivity ELISA technique, in order to verify if this approach may provide useful information for detection, diagnosis, and prognosis of OSCC. To this end, we selected six biomarkers, already used in clinical practice for the diagnosis of OSCC (EGFR, Ki67, p53) or selected based on recent scientific and clinical data which indicate their presence or over-expression in cells undergoing transformation and their role as possible molecular targets in immunecheckpoints blockade therapies (PD-L1, HLA-E, B7-H6). RESULTS: The selected tumor biomarkers were highly expressed in the tumor core, while were virtually negative in healthy tissue collected from the same patients. These differences were highly statistically significant and consistent with those obtained using the gold standard test clearly indicating that the proposed approach, i.e. analysis of biomarkers by a custom ELISA technique, is strongly reliable. DISCUSSION: These preliminary data suggest that this non-invasive rapid phenotyping technique could be useful as a screening tool for phenotyping oral lesions and support clinical practice by precise indications on the characteristics of the lesion, also with a view to the application of new anti-tumor treatments, such as immunotherapy, aimed at OSCC patients.
The effects of bombesin receptor subtype-3 (BRS-3) agonists were investigated on lung cancer cells. The BRS-3 agonist (DTyr(6), (Ala(11), Phe(13), Nle(14)) bombesin(6-14) (BA1), but not gastrin releasing peptide (GRP) or neuromedin B (NMB) increased significantly the clonal growth of NCI-H1299 cells stably transfected with BRS-3 (NCI-H1299-BRS-3). Also, BA1 addition to NCI-H727 or NCI-H1299-BRS-3 cells caused Tyr(1068) phosphorylation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Similarly, (DTyr(6), R-Apa(11), Phe(13), Nle(14)) bombesin(6-14) (BA2) and (DTyr(6), R-Apa(11), 4-Cl,Phe(13), Nle(14)) bombesin(6-14) (BA3) but not gastrin releasing peptide (GRP) or neuromedin B (NMB) caused EGFR transactivation in NCI-H1299-BRS-3 cells. BA1-induced EGFR or ERK tyrosine phosphorylation was not inhibited by addition of BW2258U89 (BB(2)R antagonist) or PD168368 (BB(1)R antagonist) but was blocked by (DNal-Cys-Tyr-DTrp-Lys-Val-Cys-Nal)NH(2) (BRS-3 ant.). The BRS-3 ant. reduced clonal growth of NCI-H1299-BRS-3 cells. BA1, BA2, BA3 and BRS-3 ant. inhibit specific (125)I-BA1 binding to NCI-H1299-BRS-3 cells with an IC(50) values of 1.1, 21, 15 and 750nM, respectively. The ability of BRS-3 to regulate EGFR transactivation in NCI-H1299-BRS-3 cells was reduced by AG1478 or gefitinib (EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors), GM6001 (matrix metalloprotease inhibitor), PP2 (Src inhibitor), N-acetylcysteine (anti-oxidant), Tiron (superoxide scavenger) and DPI (NADPH oxidase inhibitor). These results demonstrate that BRS-3 agonists may stimulate lung cancer growth as a result of EGFR transactivation and that the transactivation is regulated by BRS-3 in a Src-, reactive oxygen and matrix metalloprotease-dependent manner.
The objective of this study is to investigate how the change of hormone receptor (HR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (Her-2) status is related to patients' clinical features. One hundred ninety-three cases of patients treated at general hospital of PLA from 2000 to 2015 with advanced breast cancer were included. All patients developed recurrence that were re-biopsied and had complete pathological profile both at initial diagnosis and at relapse. HR status before and after relapse were available for all patients, while only 143 cases had Her-2 status at the two stages. The changes of ER, PR, and Her-2 status and their association with clincopathological factors and DFS were analyzed. The discordant rates of ER, PR, and Her-2 status between primary breast cancer and recurrent tumor were 34.2, 38.3, and 16.8 %, respectively. At relapse, the rates of gain of ER and PR positivity were 10.9 and 13.5 %, respectively; the rates of loss of ER and PR positivity were 23.3 and 24.9 %. Loss of positivity was more frequent than gain of positivity (p ER < 0.000, p PR = 0.001). Among patients with Her-2 negative primary tumors, 15.4 % acquired Her-2 positivity at relapse; and among Her-2 positive patients at initial diagnosis, 1.4 % turned to Her-2 negative at relapse; gain of positivity was more frequent than loss of positivity (p < 0.000). Patients with tumor larger than 2 cm in diameter were more likely to experience change of Her-2 status (25.0 vs 5.8 %, p = 0.005). Yet, the change of ER/PR was not significantly associated with the size of primary tumor. Patients with ER positive recurrent disease and PR positive primary tumor had a DFS of more than 40 months. Compared to patients who maintained PR negative, patients who gained PR positivity at relapse had significantly longer DFS by 8.5 % (35.2 vs 26.7 months, p = 0.024). Patients losing ER positivity at relapse had shorter DFS by 7.8 months compared to those with stable ER positive tumors; patients gaining ER positivity experienced longer DFS by 8.3 months; but both differences were not statistically significant. Loss of Her-2 positivity was associated with longer DFS by 13.8 months as opposed to stable Her-2 status, without statistical significance. For patients with Her-2 negative primary tumor, the changes of Her-2 status were not associated with DFS. 34.2, 38.3, and 16.8 % of breast cancer patients had their ER, PR, and Her-2 status changed after recurrence, and these changes of receptor status were associated with DFS to some degree. Gain of PR positivity at relapse was significantly correlated with longer DFS.
PURPOSE: We sought to evaluate the use of the Onco type DX Breast Cancer Assay for identifying candidates for adjuvant therapy in patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, node-negative primary Stage I or IIA breast cancer. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted on 40 patients who underwent surgery between 2000 and 2008. Cases (n = 10) were patients who had metastases after surgery. Controls (n = 30) were patients who did not develop metastases and were individually matched to their case with respect to age. All patients were analyzed with regard to age, tumor size, histological grade, HER2 status, and the values of Recurrence Score (RS), ER score and PgR score generated by Onco type DX. We also divided the patients into low, intermediate or high-risk groups according to individual RS values. RESULTS: RS, risk category and histological grade were associated with metastases in patients with ER-positive, node-negative Stage I or IIA breast cancer. However, ER status, tumor size and PgR status were not associated with metastases. Histological grade was associated with RS value and the distribution pattern of risk category (P < 0.001 for each). CONCLUSIONS: Both histological grade and risk-category classification were effective in identifying women at risk of developing distant metastases after initial therapy for ER-positive, node-negative Stage I or IIA breast cancer. These patients may benefit from the addition of adjuvant therapy at diagnosis.
Here we report the case of a 20-year-old patient who was diagnosed in 2002 with a metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC). He achieved a complete response under cetuximab-based therapy and remains without disease recurrence until now while chemotherapy was discontinued in 2009. The tumor exhibited high level of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) amplification, no mutation in KRAS, NRAS or BRAF genes and a microsatellite-stable (MSS) phenotype. Intriguingly this young patient was carrying a monoallelic germline mutation of MUTYH that was associated with an inactivation of the second allele by loss of heterozygosity on tumor DNA. Moreover, this mutation was associated with a specific mutational signature on tumor level characterized by C > A single base substitutions and a higher mutational load than usually observed in MSS neoplasms. This case report paves the way for further researches on MUTYH-associated cancers' sensitivity to anticancer therapies.
IMPORTANCE: For patients with non-small cell lung cancer whose disease progressed while receiving EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) therapy, particularly third-generation TKIs, optimal treatment options remain limited. OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy of ivonescimab plus chemotherapy with chemotherapy alone for patients with relapsed advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) variant. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, phase 3 trial at 55 sites in China enrolled participants from January 2022 to November 2022; a total of 322 eligible patients were enrolled. INTERVENTIONS: Participants received ivonescimab (n = 161) or placebo (n = 161) plus pemetrexed and carboplatin once every 3 weeks for 4 cycles, followed by maintenance therapy of ivonescimab plus pemetrexed or placebo plus pemetrexed. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was progression-free survival in the intention-to-treat population assessed by an independent radiographic review committee (IRRC) per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version 1.1. The results of the first planned interim analysis are reported. RESULTS: Among 322 enrolled patients in the ivonescimab and placebo groups, the median age was 59.6 vs 59.4 years and 52.2% vs 50.9% of patients were female. As of March 10, 2023, median follow-up time was 7.89 months. Median progression-free survival was 7.1 (95% CI, 5.9-8.7) months in the ivonescimab group vs 4.8 (95% CI, 4.2-5.6) months for placebo (difference, 2.3 months; hazard ratio [HR], 0.46 [95% CI, 0.34-0.62]; P < .001). The prespecified subgroup analysis showed progression-free survival benefit favoring patients receiving ivonescimab over placebo across almost all subgroups, including patients whose disease progressed while receiving third-generation EGFR-TKI therapy (HR, 0.48 [95% CI 0.35-0.66]) and those with brain metastases (HR, 0.40 [95% CI, 0.22-0.73]). The objective response rate was 50.6% (95% CI, 42.6%-58.6%) with ivonescimab and 35.4% (95% CI, 28.0%-43.3%) with placebo (difference, 15.6% [95% CI, 5.3%-26.0%]; P = .006). The median overall survival data were not mature; at data cutoff, 69 patients (21.4%) had died. Grade 3 or higher treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 99 patients (61.5%) in the ivonescimab group vs 79 patients (49.1%) in the placebo group, the most common of which were chemotherapy-related. Grade 3 or higher immune-related adverse events occurred in 10 patients (6.2%) in the ivonescimab group vs 4 (2.5%) in the placebo group. Grade 3 or higher vascular endothelial growth factor-related adverse events occurred in 5 patients (3.1%) in the ivonescimab group vs 4 (2.5%) in the placebo group. CONCLUSIONS: Ivonescimab plus chemotherapy significantly improved progression-free survival with tolerable safety profile in TKI-treated non-small cell lung cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05184712.
PURPOSE: We performed a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to evaluate the efficacy of HER2-targeted agents in combination with taxanes and to identify the best strategy for HER2(+) metastatic breast cancer (MBC). METHODS: Pubmed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched for randomized controlled trials that evaluated any taxanes+HER2-targeted agents in the treatment of HER2(+) MBC. The primary outcome was overall survival (OS). The secondary outcomes included overall response rate (ORR) and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: A total of 13 RCTs were eligible, involving 4941 patients and 10 regimens. The result showed that single-HER2-targeted agent+a taxane did improve the effect on ORR and PFS than taxane alone, but only trastuzumab+a taxane had a significant improvement in OS outcomes. Single-HER2-targeted agent (trastuzumab) combined with taxane-based doublets (taxane+carboplatin/capecitabine/doxorubicin/bevacizumab) showed no further benefit than trastuzumab+a taxane. Doublet-HER2-targeted agents combined with a taxane(trastuzumab+pertuzumab+a taxane) showed further improvement in ORR, PFS, and all OS outcomes than single-HER2-targeted agent+a taxane. Ranking analysis based on their P-scores suggested that trastuzumab+pertuzumab+a taxane was the best combination treatment for all the efficacy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: These findings demonstrate that combining two HER2-targeted agents (trastuzumab+pertuzumab) with a taxane is much more beneficial for the treatment of HER2(+) MBC. Dual HER2-targeted agents combined with a taxane appears to be the preferred application of HER2(+) MBC.
Mutations at codons 12 and 13 of the KRAS gene have been identified as level I predictive biomarkers against the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibodies. It is thought that the genetic analysis of KRAS mutations associated with metastatic colorectal cancer can be routinely conducted using DNA obtained on one occasion from one organ, from the primary or a metastatic site, whichever is preferentially available. However, the issue of tumor heterogeneity resulting from acquired/intratumoral mutations remains. Recently, the possibility of acquired/intratumoral mutations in the KRAS gene has been reported by two research groups and has ranged from 7.4 to 15.4%. Specimens were collected from advanced colorectal cancer patients with resected primary, and at least one metastatic, site. Direct sequence analysis was performed for KRAS, BRAF and PIK3CA, and immunohistochemistry for glutathione S-transferase II (GSTP) and EGFR. In the current study, we identified an acquired mutation rate of approximately 11.1% in the KRAS gene (1/9). This figure is not negligible. Our observation indicates, particularly in the case of metastatic recurrence after a long interval, that there may be considerable tumor heterogeneity resulting from acquired or intratumoral mutations of the KRAS gene.
PURPOSE: There is currently no curative treatment for patients diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer brain metastases (TNBC-BM). CAR T cells hold potential for curative treatment given they retain the cytolytic activity of a T cell combined with the specificity of an antibody. In this proposal we evaluated the potential of EGFR re-directed CAR T cells as a therapeutic treatment against TNBC cells in vitro and in vivo. METHODS: We leveraged a TNBC-BM tissue microarray and a large panel of TNBC cell lines and identified elevated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression. Next, we designed a second-generation anti-EGFR CAR T construct incorporating a clinically relevant mAb806 tumor specific single-chain variable fragment (scFv) and intracellular 4-1BB costimulatory domain and CD3zeta using a lentivirus system and evaluated in vitro and in vivo anti-tumor activity. RESULTS: We demonstrate EGFR is enriched in TNBC-BM patient tissue after neurosurgical resection, with six of 13 brain metastases demonstrating both membranous and cytoplasmic EGFR. Eleven of 13 TNBC cell lines have EGFR surface expression >/= 85% by flow cytometry. EGFR806 CAR T treated mice effectively eradicated TNBC-BM and enhanced mouse survival (log rank p < 0.004). CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrates anti-tumor activity of EGFR806 CAR T cells against TNBC cells in vitro and in vivo. Given EGFR806 CAR T cells are currently undergoing clinical trials in primary brain tumor patients without obvious toxicity, our results are immediately actionable against the TNBC-BM patient population.
A disintegrin and metalloproteinase-17 (ADAM17) can cut and release a wide variety of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligands to promote survival, invasion and proliferation of cancer cell, and therefore, is considered to be a potential therapeutic target for cancer. The main goal of the present study was to observe the effects of ADAM17 small interfering RNA (ADAM17-siRNA) on human MCF-7 breast cancer and investigate its activation pathway. In vitro, MCF-7 cells were divided into ADAM17-siRNA groups, nonsense siRNA groups, AG1478 (selective EGFR blocker) groups, LY294002 [phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) phosphorylation inhibitor] groups, PD0325901 [mitogen extracellular kinase (MEK) inhibitor] groups and control groups. In vivo, MCF-7 cells were implanted subcutaneously into nude mice and then these mice were randomly divided into ADAM17-siRNA groups, vector groups and control groups. Our data showed that compared with the control groups, ADAM17-siRNA, AG1478 and LY294002 could inhibit the migration and proliferation of MCF-7 cells, but PD0325901 and nonsense siRNA did not show this effect. Except that specific ADAM17-siRNA could inhibit the expression of ADAM17 mRNA, others did not change it. Western blot analysis further confirmed that EGFR-PI3K-AKT signaling pathway is involved in ADAM17-siRNA inhibiting migration and proliferation of MCF-7 cells. Similarly to the former, the growth of MCF-7 breast cancer in nude mice was significantly inhibited by ADAM17-siRNA. Compared with the control group and the vector group, the tumor volume was smaller in the ADAM17-siRNA group, the tissues developed large areas of necrosis, immunohistochemistry showed low expressions of ADAM17 and Ki-67 and western blot analysis proved that the expression of ADAM17 protein in the tissue was also reduced. The present study suggests that ADAM17-siRNA inhibits MCF-7 breast cancer and is activated through the EGFR-PI3K-AKT signaling pathway.
The emergence of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) has improved the prognosis for lung cancer patients with EGFR-driven mutations. However, acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs poses a significant challenge to the treatment. Overcoming the resistance has primarily focused on developing next-generation targeted therapies based on the molecular mechanisms of resistance or inhibiting the activation of bypass pathways to suppress or reverse the resistance. In this study we developed a novel approach by using CRISPR-Cas9 whole-genome library screening to identify the genes that enhance the sensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma cells to EGFR-TKIs. Through this screening, we revealed integrin subunit alpha 8 (ITGA8) as the key gene that enhanced sensitivity to abivertinib in lung adenocarcinoma. Notably, ITGA8 expression was significantly downregulated in lung adenocarcinoma tissues compared to adjacent normal tissues. Bioinformatics analyses revealed that ITGA8 was positively correlated with the sensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma to abivertinib. We showed that knockdown of ITGA8 significantly enhanced the proliferation, migration and invasion of H1975 cells. Conversely, overexpression of ITGA8 reduced the proliferation migration and invasion of H1975/ABIR cells. Furthermore, we demonstrated that ITGA8 sensitized lung adenocarcinoma cells to EGFR-TKIs by attenuating the downstream FAK/SRC/AKT/MAPK signaling pathway. In H1975 cell xenograft mouse models, knockdown of ITGA8 significantly increased tumor growth and reduced the sensitivity to abivertinib, whereas overexpression of ITGA8 markedly suppressed tumor proliferation and enhanced sensitivity to the drug. This study demonstrates that ITGA8 inhibits the proliferation, invasion and migration of lung adenocarcinoma cells, enhances the sensitivity to EGFR-TKIs, improves treatment efficacy, and delays the progression of acquired resistance. Thus, ITGA8 presents a potential therapeutic candidate for addressing acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs from a novel perspective.
BACKGROUND: Dose-dense sequential chemotherapy with anthracyclines and taxanes achieved an 18% reduction of recurrence risk in early breast cancer (BC). The optimal chemotherapy schedule and interval between cycles remain under investigation. METHODS: Overall, 990 patients were randomised to receive either three cycles of epirubicin (E, 110 mg/m(2)) every 2 weeks followed by 3 cycles of paclitaxel (T, 200 mg/m(2)) every 2 weeks followed by three cycles of intensified CMF (Control Arm A, E-T-CMF) that was previously used in BC or three cycles of epirubicin followed by three cycles of CMF followed by nine consecutive weekly cycles of docetaxel (wD) 35 mg/m(2) (Arm B, E-CMF-wD) or nine consecutive weekly cycles of paclitaxel (wT) 80 mg/m(2) (Arm C, E-CMF-wT). Trastuzumab was administered for HER2-positive disease. RESULTS: At a median follow-up of 13.3 years, 330 disease-free survival (DFS) events (33.3%) were reported. DFS and overall survival (OS) did not differ between patients in the combined B and C arms versus arm A either in the entire cohort (HR = 0.90, P = 0.38 and HR = 0.85, P = 0.20) or among trastuzumab-treated patients (HR = 0.69, P = 0.13 and HR = 0.67, P = 0.13). Thirty-four patients (3.4%) developed secondary neoplasms. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, no significant differences in survival were found amongst the studied regimens after a long-term observational period. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000151033.
Biofluid-accessible extracellular vesicles (EVs) may represent a new means to improve the sensitivity and specificity of detecting disease. However, current methods to isolate EVs encounter challenges when they are used to select specific populations. Moreover, it has been difficult to comprehensively characterize heterogeneous EV populations at the single vesicle level. Here, we robustly assessed heterogeneous EV populations from cultured cell lines via nanoparticle tracking analysis, proteomics, transcriptomics, transmission electron microscopy, and quantitative single molecule localization microscopy (qSMLM). Using qSMLM, we quantified the size and biomarker content of individual EVs. We applied qSMLM to patient plasma samples and identified a pancreatic cancer-enriched EV population. Our goal is to advance single molecule characterization of EVs for early disease detection. Abbreviations: EV: Extracellular Vesicle; qSMLM: quantitative Single Molecule Localization Microscopy; PDAC: Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma; EGFR: epidermal growth factor receptor 1; CA19-9: carbohydrate antigen 19-9; SEC: size exclusion chromatography; WGA: wheat germ agglutinin; AF647: Alexa Fluor 647; Ab: antibody; HPDEC: Healthy Pancreatic Ductal Epithelial Cell; TEM: Transmission Electron Microscopy.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is activated by ionizing radiation (IR), but the molecular mechanism for this effect is unknown. We have found that intracellular generation of nitric oxide (NO) by NO synthase (NOS) is required for the rapid activation of EGFR phosphorylation by IR. Treatment of A549 lung cancer cells with IR increased NOS activity within minutes, accompanied by an increase of NO. 2-Phenyl-4,4,5,5,-tetramethylimidazolline-1-oxyl-3-oxide, an NO scavenger, and NG-monomethyl-l-arginine, an NOS inhibitor, abolished the increase in intracellular NO and activation of EGFR by IR. In addition, an NO donor alone induced EGFR phosphorylation. Transient transfection with small interfering RNA for endothelial NOS reduced IR-induced NO production and suppressed IR-induced EGFR activation. Overexpression of endothelial NOS increased IR-induced NO generation and EGFR activation. These results indicate a novel molecular mechanism for EGFR activation by IR-induced NO production via NOS.
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the role that demographic and tumour factors play in explaining ethnic inequalities in breast cancer survival. DESIGN: Breast cancer cases notified to the New Zealand Cancer Registry (NZCR) from April 2005 to April 2007 were followed up to April 2009. Maori, Pacific and non-Maori/non-Pacific women were categorised according to ethnicity on the NZCR. Deprivation was analysed as quintiles of the New Zealand area-based index of socio-economic position. Relative survival rates were estimated using ethnic-specific life tables. Missing values were imputed and excess mortality modelling was used to estimate the contribution of demographic and tumour factors to ethnic inequalities in survival. RESULTS: There were 2968 breast cancer cases (76.5% non-Maori/non-Pacific, 17% Maori, and 6.5% Pacific) included and 433 recorded deaths. Relative survival rates at 4 years were 91.5% (95% confidence interval (CI) 89.7 to 92.9) for non-Maori/non-Pacific, 86.2% (CI 80.3 to 90.4) for Maori, and 79.6% (CI 68.2 to 87.2) for Pacific women. Using non-Maori/non-Pacific as the reference group, the age-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) dropped for Maori from 1.76 (CI 1.22 to 2.48) to 1.43 (CI 0.97 to 2.10) when further adjusted by deprivation. For Pacific the HR dropped from 2.49 (CI 1.57 to 3.94) to 1.94 (CI 1.20 to 3.13). Inequalities persisted after adjustment for subtype variables (ER/PR/HER2), but adjusting for access to care variables (extent/size) eliminated the ethnic inequalities in excess mortality. CONCLUSION: Ethnic disparities in breast cancer survival in New Zealand can be attributed to deprivation and differential access to health care rather than differences in breast cancer subtypes.
INTRODUCTION: Everolimus is an oral drug that inhibits mTOR with immunosuppressive and antiproliferative characteristics. It is commonly used in association with exemestane in hormone receptor (HR)-positive advanced breast cancer (ABC). AREAS COVERED: The current review summarizes the publications relating to everolimus from clinical research in breast cancer. Everolimus showed treatment efficacy and an acceptable safety tolerance with the prevention of side effects in Phase II/III studies. BOLERO-2 study showed a progression-free survival improvement in patients with HR - positive ABC previously treated with aromatase inhibitors (AI) and leading to its acceptance in this indication. The absence of a post-CDK4/6 inhibitor (CDK4/6i.) study and the arrival of new drugs may raise questions about its current place in the therapeutic strategy. EXPERT OPINION: Everolimus is relevant in the management of HR - positive ABC. Because of its efficacy, acceptable tolerability and the absence of drugs that have shown a greater benefit, it remains a second-line treatment option in HR-positive, HER2 negative (score 0) patients without BRCA mutation or visceral crisis and can be discussed with fulvestrant in second line after CDK4-6i. It is likely that within 5 years this treatment will be replaced in second-line HR-positive breast cancer by new emerging treatments: drug-conjugated antibodies, tyrosine kinase inhibitors or immunotherapy in combination with chemotherapy.
BACKGROUND: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) overexpression increases the aggressiveness of breast cancer cells resulting in poorer prognosis. Patients with HER2-positive disease are less responsive to endocrine therapies. Trastuzumab monotherapy results in objective responses in only approximately 15% of patients. Fulvestrant retains activity in cells overexpressing HER2 that are resistant to other endocrine treatments. This retrospective study evaluated response to fulvestrant treatment among HER2-positive patients with advanced breast cancer (ABC). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Clinical experience data from 10 treatment centres were pooled. Postmenopausal patients with predominantly hormone receptor-positive and HER2-positive disease were included. Clinical benefit (CB) was defined as the proportion of patients achieving a response to treatment (partial or complete) or stable disease lasting >/=6 months. RESULTS: Data for 102 patients were analysed. Fulvestrant resulted in an overall CB rate of 42% (43/101) in HER2-positive patients and 40% (25/63) in patients with visceral disease. Median duration of treatment was 14.5 months (range 6-44 months). Fulvestrant showed activity up to the fourth line of endocrine therapy and up to the seventh line of overall therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Results indicate that fulvestrant may be a suitable treatment option in extensively pre-treated patients with HER2-positive, hormone receptor-positive ABC. Further exploration of its use in this patient population is warranted.
Chemotherapy and targeted therapy are the main options for andvanced colorectal cancer (CRC). However, resistance to these therapies is a major challenge in the clinic. Understanding molecular mechanisms and developing effective strategies against the drug resistance are highly desired. Increasing evidence has revealed that microRNAs (miRNAs) are closely linked to drug resistance in CRC. The explosion of knowledge in this field has brought forward new predictive and therapeutic opportunities. In this review, we systemically summarize the roles of miRNAs as regulators, tissue or circulating biomarkers, and therapeutics in the CRC resistance to 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), oxaliplatin and anti-EGFR therapy. We also discuss the potential unsettled issues and future directions concerning these processes.
Smoker patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have poorer prognosis and survival than those without smoking history. However, the mechanisms underlying the low response rate of those patients to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are not well understood. Here we report that exposure to cigarette smoke extract enhances glycolysis and attenuates AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK)-dependent inhibition of mTOR; this in turn reduces the sensitivity of NSCLC cells with wild-type EGFR (EGFR(WT)) to EGFR TKI by repressing expression of liver kinase B1 (LKB1), a master kinase of the AMPK subfamily, via CpG island methylation. In addition, LKB1 expression is correlated positively with sensitivity to TKI in patients with NSCLC. Moreover, combined treatment of EGFR TKI with AMPK activators synergistically increases EGFR TKI sensitivity. Collectively, the current study suggests that LKB1 may serve as a marker to predict EGFR TKI sensitivity in smokers with NSCLC carrying EGFR(WT) and that the combination of EGFR TKI and AMPK activator may be a potentially effective therapeutic strategy against NSCLC with EGFR(WT).
BACKGROUND: The evolution of systemic therapies has improved outcomes for patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 positive (HER2+) breast cancer. Nonetheless, the tolerability and safety profile of systemic therapies represent an area for further improvement. Here we report the results of a phase 2 trial evaluating a nonanthracycline, nonplatinum adjuvant treatment regimen for patients following initial surgical resection. METHODS: We enrolled patients with stage I or II HER2+ breast cancer who underwent upfront surgery to receive adjuvant treatment with 6 cycles of dose-dense Paclitaxel, cyclophosphamide and Trastuzumab (PC-H) every 2 weeks, followed by 13 cycles of maintenance trastuzumab every 3 weeks to complete 52 weeks of treatment (compromising 19 cycles). The primary objective was to determine the safety and feasibility of adjuvant PC-H, measured by the completion rate frequency and the grade of adverse events, using National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria. The secondary objective was to estimate relapse-free survival and overall survival. RESULTS: Between 2010 and 2019, a total of 39 patients were enrolled. Of those, 34 patients (87.18%) completed the planned treatment. Severe adverse events of grade 3 or 4 occurred in 27 patients (69.23%), including 3 patients (7.69%) with grade 3-4 decrease in ejection fraction. At median follow up of 5.6 years, all 39 patients were alive. The 5-year relapse-free survival was 94.30% (95% CI: 75.3-100). CONCLUSIONS: PC-H demonstrated overall safety and efficacy, yielding high rates of relapse-free survival among patients with early stage (HER2+) breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: This study assessed the impact of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status on the outcomes in an unselected population of breast cancer patients who did not receive HER2-targeted therapy. METHODS: HER2 status by immunohistochemistry and fluorescence in situ hybridisation was compared with clinicopathological data, overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) for all patients presenting with breast cancer over 3 years. RESULTS: In 865 patients (median follow up 6.02 years), HER2 positivity was identified in 13.3% of all cancers and was associated with higher tumour grade (P<10(-8)), lymphovascular invasion (P<0.001) and axillary nodal metastasis (P=0.003). There was a negative association with oestrogen-receptor (ER) and progesterone-receptor expression (P<10(-8)), but the majority (57%) of HER2+tumours were ER+HER2 positivity was associated with poorer OS (P=0.0046) and DFS (P=0.0001) confined to the lymph node-positive (LN+) and ER+ subgroups. CONCLUSION: HER2-positive cancers were less common in this population-based cohort than most selected series. The association of HER2 positivity with poor prognosis was confined to the ER+ and LN+ subgroups. The survival deficit for the 7.5% of patients with ER+/HER2+ cancer compared with ER+/HER2- patients points to a significant subgroup of women who may not (currently) be considered for HER2-directed therapy.
The anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (anti-EGFR) cetuximab has been proven to be efficient in metastatic colorectal cancer. The molecular mechanisms underlying the clinical response to this drug remain unknown. Genetic alterations of the intracellular effectors involved in EGFR-related signaling pathways may have an effect on response to this targeted therapy. In this study, tumors from 30 metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated by cetuximab were screened for KRAS, BRAF, and PIK3CA mutation by direct sequencing and for EGFR copy number by chromogenic in situ hybridization. Eleven of the 30 patients (37%) responded to cetuximab. A KRAS mutation was found in 13 tumors (43%) and was significantly associated with the absence of response to cetuximab (KRAS mutation in 0% of the 11 responder patients versus 68.4% of the 19 nonresponder patients; P = 0.0003). The overall survival of patients without KRAS mutation in their tumor was significantly higher compared with those patients with a mutated tumor (P = 0.016; median, 16.3 versus 6.9 months). An increased EGFR copy number was found in 3 patients (10%) and was significantly associated with an objective tumor response to cetuximab (P = 0.04). In conclusion, in this study, KRAS mutations are a predictor of resistance to cetuximab therapy and are associated with a worse prognosis. The EGFR amplification, which is not as frequent as initially reported, is also associated with response to this treatment.
Photoacoustic (PA) imaging is an attractive imaging modality for sensitive and depth imaging of biomolecules with high resolution in vivo. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of an anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody (panitumumab; Pan) labeled with indocyanine green derivative (ICG-EG4-Sulfo-OSu), Pan-EG4-ICG, as a PA imaging probe to target cancer-associated EGFR. In vitro PA imaging studies demonstrated that Pan-EG4-ICG yielded high EGFR-specific PA signals in EGFR-positive cells. To determine the optimal injection dose and scan timing, we investigated the biodistribution of radiolabeled Pan-EG4-ICG (200-400 mug) in A431 tumor (EGFR++)-bearing mice. The highest tumor accumulation (29.4% injected dose/g) and high tumor-to-blood ratio (2.1) was observed 7 days after injection of Pan-EG4-ICG (400 mug). In in vivo PA imaging studies using Pan-EG4-ICG (400 mug), the increase in PA signal (114%) was observed in A431 tumors inoculated in the mammary glands 7 days post-injection. Co-injection of excess Pan resulted in a 35% inhibition of this PA signal, indicating the EGFR-specific accumulation. In conclusion, the ICG-labeled monoclonal antibody (i.e., panitumumab) has the potential to enhance target-specific PA signal, leading to the discrimination of aggressiveness and metastatic potential of tumors and the selection of effective therapeutic strategies.
BACKGROUND: Subgroup analyses of randomized studies have consistently shown that pemetrexed is exclusively effective in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) other than squamous cell carcinoma and the combination of pemetrexed and platinum agents is recommended for first-line chemotherapy in advanced non-squamous NSCLC; however, there have been few prospective studies of a selected population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a single-arm phase II study of carboplatin and pemetrexed in Japanese patients with chemo-naive advanced non-squamous NSCLC. Patients received six cycles of pemetrexed (500 mg/m(2)) combined with carboplatin (area under the curve: AUC 6) every 3 weeks. Maintenance chemotherapy with pemetrexed was permitted in patients whose disease did not progress after combination chemotherapy. The primary endpoint was the response rate, and secondary endpoints were safety and survival. RESULTS: Fifty-one patients were enrolled between November 2009 and March 2011, and 49 patients were evaluable for both safety and efficacy. All but one patient had adenocarcinoma histology. Forty-four (90 %) patients completed four cycles, and 33 (67 %) completed six cycles of chemotherapy. Partial response was achieved in 25 patients (response rate: 51 %) and stable disease in 18 patients (37 %). Median progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were 6.3 months and 24.3 months, respectively. The median PFS and OS were 7.9 months and 24.3 months in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation, and 6.3 months and 21.0 months in patients with EGFR wild type or unknown. There were no statistical differences between EGFR mutants and non-mutants for both PFS (p = 0.09) and OS (p = 0.23). Grade 3/4 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia were observed in 16 (33 %) and 9 (18 %) patients, respectively. Non-hematologic toxicities were generally mild, and there were no treatment-related deaths. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of carboplatin and pemetrexed was safe and effective in advanced non-squamous NSCLC. Although the sample size was small, our results indicate that pemetrexed is a key drug for advanced non-squamous NSCLC, irrespective of the EGFR mutation status (UMIN-CTR number 000002451).
Overcoming de novo and acquired resistance to anticancer drugs that target signaling networks is a formidable challenge for drug design and effective cancer therapy. Understanding the mechanisms by which this resistance arises may offer a route to addressing the insensitivity of signaling networks to drug intervention and restore the efficacy of anticancer therapy. Extending our recent work identifying PTEN as a key regulator of Herceptin sensitivity, we present an integrated theoretical and experimental approach to study the compensatory mechanisms within the PI3K/PTEN/AKT signaling network that afford resistance to receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibition by anti-HER2 monoclonal antibodies. In a computational model representing the dynamics of the signaling network, we define a single control parameter that encapsulates the balance of activities of the enzymes involved in the PI3K/PTEN/AKT cycle. By varying this control parameter we are able to demonstrate both distinct dynamic regimes of behavior of the signaling network and the transitions between those regimes. We demonstrate resistance, sensitivity, and suppression of RTK signals by the signaling network. Through model analysis we link the sensitivity-to-resistance transition to specific compensatory mechanisms within the signaling network. We study this transition in detail theoretically by variation of activities of PTEN, PI3K, AKT enzymes, and use the results to inform experiments that perturb the signaling network using combinatorial inhibition of RTK, PTEN, and PI3K enzymes in human ovarian carcinoma cell lines. We find good alignment between theoretical predictions and experimental results. We discuss the application of the results to the challenges of hypersensitivity of the signaling network to RTK signals, suppression of drug resistance, and efficacy of drug combinations in anticancer therapy.
To explore the mechanism of action of foretinib (GSK1363089), an oral multi-kinase inhibitor known to target MET, RON, AXL, and vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs), in gastric cancer, we evaluated the effects of the agent on cell growth and cell signaling in the following panel of gastric cancer cell lines: KATO-III, MKN-1, MKN-7, MKN-45, and MKN-74. Of these, only MKN-45 and KATO-III, which harbor MET and fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) amplification, respectively, were highly sensitive to foretinib. In MKN-45, 1 muM of foretinib or PHA665752, another MET kinase inhibitor, inhibited phosphorylation of MET and downstream signaling molecules as expected. In KATO-III, however, PHA665752 inhibited phosphorylation of MET independently of downstream molecules. Further, 1 muM of foretinib or PD173074, a selective FGFR kinase inhibitor, inhibited phosphorylation of FGFR2 and downstream molecules, suggesting that foretinib targets FGFR2 in KATO-III. We confirmed this novel activity of foretinib against FGFR2 in OCUM-2M, another FGFR2-amplified gastric cancer cell line. Using a phospho-receptor tyrosine kinase array, we found that foretinib inhibits phosphorylation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), HER3 and FGFR3 via MET inhibition in MKN-45, and EGFR, HER3 and MET via FGFR2 inhibition in KATO-III. Knockdown of HER3 and FGFR3 in MKN-45 with siRNA resulted in the partial inhibition of cell signaling and cell growth. In conclusion, foretinib appears effective against gastric cancer cells harboring not only MET but also FGFR2 amplification, and exerts its inhibitory effects by blocking inter-RTK signaling networks with MET or FGFR2 at their core.
Nanobodies (Nbs) hold great promise as next-generation cancer immunotherapies, but their efficacy is hindered by their poor pharmacokinetics and the inability to trigger Fc-mediated immune killing functions. To address these limitations, we designed and synthesized rhamnolipid-modified Nbs as a type of antibody-recruiting molecule by site-specifically conjugating EGFR-targeting Nb 7D12 to a series of rhamnolipid derivatives, and their biological profiles were evaluated in vitro and in vivo. Investigation of the structure-activity relationship revealed that the number of rhamnose (Rha) units and the length of the PEG linker in the conjugates affected anti-tumor activities. Conjugate R5, which contained two Rha units and a PEG(2) linker, exhibited the most potent antibody-dependent cell-mediated phagocytosis (ADCP) and complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) activities. In vivo, R5 had a significantly longer half-life because of its ability to bind to serum albumin and endogenous anti-Rha antibodies, and it demonstrated potent in vivo antitumor activity in a xenograft mouse model of A431 tumor. Our findings highlight the potential of rhamnolipidation as a strategy to enhance the efficacy of Nbs in cancer immunotherapy and provide a cost-effective platform for improving the therapeutic efficiency of Nbs.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) interacts with various downstream molecules including phospholipase C (PLC)/protein kinase C (PKC), Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK, PI3K/PTEN/Akt/GSK-3, Jak/STAT and others. Often these pathways are deregulated in human malignancies such as breast cancer. Various therapeutic approaches to inhibit the activity of EGFR family members including small molecule inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies (MoAb) have been developed. A common problem with cancer treatments is the development of drug-resistance. We examined the effects of a conditionally-activated EGFR (v-Erb-B:ER) on the resistance of breast cancer cells to commonly used chemotherapeutic drugs such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, paclitaxel, cisplatin and 5-flurouracil as well as ionizing radiation (IR). v-Erb-B is similar to the EGFR-variant EGFRvIII, which is expressed in various cancers including breast, brain, prostate. Both v-Erb-B and EGFRvIII encode the EGFR kinase domain but lack key components present in the extracellular domain of EGFR which normally regulate its activity and ligand-dependence. The v-Erb-B oncogene was ligated to the hormone binding domain of the estrogen receptor (ER) which results in regulation of the activity of the v-Erb-ER construct by addition of either estrogen (E2) or 4-hydroxytamoxifen (4HT) to the culture media. Introduction of the v-Erb-B:ER construct into the MCF-7 breast cancer cell line increased the resistance to the cells to various chemotherapeutic drugs, hormonal-based therapeutics and IR. These results point to the important effects that aberrant expression of EGFR kinase domain can have on therapeutic resistance.
Targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) through tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) is a successful therapeutic strategy in non-small cell lung cancer. However, the response to TKI therapy depends on specific activating and acquired mutations in the tyrosine kinase domain of the EGFR gene. Therefore, confirming the EGFR status of patients is crucial, not only for determining the eligibility, but also for monitoring the emergence of mutations in patients under TKI therapy. In this study, our aim was to develop a cost effective, yet sensitive, technique that allows the detection of therapeutically-relevant EGFR hotspot mutations at isothermal conditions in a non-invasive manner. Previously, we developed an allele-specific loop-mediated isothermal amplification (AS-LAMP) assay for screening germline and somatic de novo T790M EGFR mutation in lung cancer patients. In this study, we used cell free DNA as a template in AS-LAMP assay (CF-LAMP) for non-invasive detection of two hotspot EGFR mutations (T790M, and L858R) and compared its efficiency with ultrasensitive droplet digital PCR (ddPCR) assay. The results of CF-LAMP assay were consistent with those obtained in ddPCR assay, indicating the robustness of the method. CF-LAMP may serve as a valuable and cost-effective alternative for liquid biopsy techniques used in molecular diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer.
A novel series of 1,2,3-triazole/chalcone hybrids 6a-n was designed and synthesized using a molecular hybridization approach to develop a new cytotoxic agent capable of targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and/or BRAF. The antiproliferative effect of the novel hybrids was investigated against four cancer cells using doxorubicin as a reference. Hybrids 6a, 6d, 6f-h, and 6n have the highest antiproliferative activity (IC(50) values 0.95-1.80 muM) compared to doxorubicin (IC(50) 1.14 muM). The most potent antiproliferative derivative, compound 6d, was also the most potent EGFR inhibitor with an IC(50) of 0.09 +/- 0.05 muM, which is comparable to the reference Erlotinib (IC(50)  = 0.05 +/- 0.03 muM). 6d has modest BRAF inhibitory action with an IC(50) of 0.90 +/- 0.10 muM. The findings were also related to molecular docking studies, which provided models of strong interactions with the EGFR-TK domain for the inhibitors. In cell cycle analysis, hybrid 6d caused a cell cycle arrest at the G1 transition phase.
Covalent inhibitors have been used to treat several diseases for over a century. However, strategic approaches for the rational design of covalent drugs have taken a definitive shape in recent times. Since the first appearance of covalent inhibitors in the late 18th century, the field has grown tremendously and around 30% of marketed drugs are covalent inhibitors especially, for oncology indications. However, the off-target toxicity and safety concerns can be significant issues related to the covalent drugs. Covalent kinase inhibitor (CKI) targeted oncotherapeutics has advanced dramatically over the last two decades since the discovery of afatinib (Gilotrif(R)), an EGFR inhibitor. Since then, US FDA has approved 10 CKIs for diverse cancer targets. The present review broadly summarizes the ongoing development in the discovery of newer CKIs from 2016 till the end of 2022. We believe that these efforts will assist the modern medicinal chemist actively working in the field of CKI discovery for varied indications.
Treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) including trastuzumab has revolutionized the management of HER2-positive breast cancer. Recent evaluation of clinical trial data suggests that a subset of HER2/ER double-positive cancers may not receive significant benefit from the TKI therapy. Here we investigate the cross talk between HER2 and ER in breast cancer and monitor the effect of trastuzumab on the tyrosine kinase effector transcription factor Myc. In HER2-positive breast cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant trastuzumab, steroid receptor-negative status (ER and PR negative) of pre-treatment biopsies predicted pathological complete response (pCR) (n=31 patients, P=0.0486), whereas elevated Myc protein inversely associated with pCR (P=0.0446). Liquid chromatography mass spectrometry identified the corepressor SMRT as a novel Myc-interacting protein. Trastuzumab treatment enhanced Myc-SMRT interactions in HER2-overexpressing breast cancer cells (LCC1) and inhibited expression of the Myc target gene survivin. In HER2-low, ER-positive steroid-dominant cells (MCF7), trastuzumab therapy repressed Myc-SMRT interactions and upregulated survivin expression. Trastuzumab treatment induced ER-CBP interactions, enhanced ER transcriptional activity and upregulated expression of the ER target gene pS2. The absence of pS2 expression in pre-treatment biopsies predicted pCR to neoadjuvant trastuzumab in breast cancer patients (n=25, P=0.0089) and pS2 expression associated with residual cancer burden (P=0.0196). Furthermore, metastatic tissues from patients who had failed trastuzumab therapy were pS2 positive. In HER2-overexpressing cells, trastuzumab treatment can repress Myc transcriptional activity and clinical response is favorable. However, with co-expression of the steroid pathway, this inhibition is lost and response to treatment is often poor.
As the leading malignancy among women, breast cancer is a serious threat to the life and health of women. In this context, it is of particular importance that a proper therapeutic target be identified for breast cancer treatment. We collected the pathological tissues of 80 patients, with the view to discovering appropriate molecular targets for the treatment of breast cancer, this paper analyzes the expressions of ZNF436, beta-catenin, EGFR and CMTM5 in breast cancer tissues, as well as their correlations with breast cancer in combination with the clinicopathologic characteristics of studied patients. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was utilized to detect the expression levels of ZNF436, beta-catenin, EGFR and CMTM5 in cancerous and paracancerous tissues of breast cancer patients. The expression levels of ZNF436, beta-Catenin and EGFR in breast cancer tissues were significantly greater than those in paracancerous tissues in this study (p<0.05), while CMTM5 was highly expressed in paracancerous tissues (p<0.05). Additionally, the correlation of the expressions of such indicators with the staging, differentiation and lymphatic metastasis of breast cancer, were also found to be statistically significant at the level p<0.05. The different expression levels of ZNF436, beta-catenin, EGFR and CMTM5 in breast cancer and paracancerous tissues open up the possibility of utilizing them as molecular markers for breast cancer. These findings provide a theoretical basis for targeted molecular therapies for breast cancer, and hence carry a significant practical significance.
In cervical cancer, the regulatory mechanisms of CD47 and its enrichment in exosomes have not been fully elucidated. In this study, we aim to explore the mechanisms of how EGFR/STAT3 signaling regulates CD47 expression in cervical cancer, and whether p65 or RAB31 is involved in this process. RNA interference was used to knock down the fragment of HPV in cervical cancer cells. EGFR and RAB31 phosphorylation were detected by western blot, and exosomal CD47 was determined by ELISA. EGFR or STAT3 was then knocked down and western blot was used to detect the expression or phosphorylation of EGFR, STAT3, p65, CD47, RAB31, and its related proteins. ChIP-qPCR was used to investigate p65 enrichment in the CD47 promoter region. Our results showed that HPV fragment knockdown reduced the phosphorylation of EGFR and RAB31, and exosomal CD47 expression. Knocking down EGFR inhibited phosphorylation of STAT3 and p65, and expression of RAB31-related proteins. Phosphorylated p65 was bound to the P3 and P7 promoter regions of CD47. EGFR/STAT3 signaling upregulated CD47 expression by phosphorylating p65 and enhanced exosomal CD47 by activated RAB31. Thus, a dual regulatory role of EGFR/STAT3 signaling on CD47 expression and secretion involving transcriptional factor p65 and exosome transporter RAB31 was demonstrated.
Understanding the molecular pathways that contribute to the aggressive behavior of human cancers is a critical research priority. The SNF1/AMPK-related protein kinase Hunk is overexpressed in aggressive subsets of human breast, ovarian, and colon cancers. Analysis of Hunk(-/-) mice revealed that this kinase is required for metastasis of c-myc-induced mammary tumors but not c-myc-induced primary tumor formation. Similar to c-myc, amplification of the proto-oncogene HER2/neu occurs in 10%-30% of breast cancers and is associated with aggressive tumor behavior. By crossing Hunk(-/-) mice with transgenic mouse models for HER2/neu-induced mammary tumorigenesis, we report that Hunk is required for primary tumor formation induced by HER2/neu. Knockdown and reconstitution experiments in mouse and human breast cancer cell lines demonstrated that Hunk is required for maintenance of the tumorigenic phenotype in HER2/neu-transformed cells. This requirement is kinase dependent and resulted from the ability of Hunk to suppress apoptosis in association with downregulation of the tumor suppressor p27(kip1). Additionally, we find that Hunk is rapidly upregulated following HER2/neu activation in vivo and in vitro. These findings provide what we believe is the first evidence for a role for Hunk in primary tumorigenesis and cell survival and identify this kinase as an essential effector of the HER2/neu oncogenic pathway.
(1) Background: Breast cancer is a frequent heterogeneous disorder diagnosed in women and causes a high number of mortality among this population due to rapid metastasis and disease recurrence. Ferroptosis can inhibit breast cancer cell growth, improve the sensitivity of chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and inhibit distant metastases, potentially impacting the tumor microenvironment. (2) Methods: Through data mining, the ferroptosis/extracellular matrix remodeling literature text-mining results were integrated into the breast cancer transcriptome cohort, taking into account patients with distant relapse-free survival (DRFS) under adjuvant therapy (anthracyclin + taxanes) with validation in an independent METABRIC cohort, along with the MDA-MB-231 and HCC338 transcriptome functional experiments with ferroptosis activations (GSE173905). (3) Results: Ferroptosis/extracellular matrix remodeling text-mining identified 910 associated genes. Univariate Cox analyses focused on breast cancer (GSE25066) selected 252 individual significant genes, of which 170 were found to have an adverse expression. Functional enrichment of these 170 adverse genes predicted basal breast cancer signatures. Through text-mining, some ferroptosis-significant adverse-selected genes shared citations in the domain of ECM remodeling, such as TNF, IL6, SET, CDKN2A, EGFR, HMGB1, KRAS, MET, LCN2, HIF1A, and TLR4. A molecular score based on the expression of the eleven genes was found predictive of the worst prognosis breast cancer at the univariate level: basal subtype, short DRFS, high-grade values 3 and 4, and estrogen and progesterone receptor negative and nodal stages 2 and 3. This eleven-gene signature was validated as regulated by ferroptosis inductors (erastin and RSL3) in the triple-negative breast cancer cellular model MDA-MB-231. (4) Conclusions: The crosstalk between ECM remodeling-ferroptosis functionalities allowed for defining a molecular score, which has been characterized as an independent adverse parameter in the prognosis of breast cancer patients. The gene signature of this molecular score has been validated to be regulated by erastin/RSL3 ferroptosis activators. This molecular score could be promising to evaluate the ECM-related impact of ferroptosis target therapies in breast cancer.
Immune checkpoint blockade (ICB) is currently approved for patients with triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), whereas responses to ICB are also observed in a small subgroup of Estrogen Receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer. The cut-off for ER-positivity (>/=1%) is based on likelihood of endocrine treatment response, but ER-positive breast cancer represents a very heterogeneous group. This raises the question whether selection based on ER-negativity should be revisited to select patients for ICB treatment in the context of clinical trials. Stromal tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (sTILs) and other immune parameters are higher in TNBC compared to ER-positive breast cancer, but it is unknown whether lower ER levels are associated with more inflamed tumor microenvironments (TME). We collected a consecutive series of primary tumors from 173 HER2-negative breast cancer patients, enriched for tumors with ER expression between 1 and 99% and found levels of stromal TILs, CD8 + T cells, and PD-L1 positivity in breast tumors with ER 1-9% and ER 10-50% to be comparable to tumors with ER 0%. Expression of immune-related gene signatures in tumors with ER 1-9% and ER 10-50% was comparable to ER 0%, and higher than in tumors with ER 51-99% and ER 100%. Our results suggest that the immune landscape of ER low tumors (1-9%) and ER intermediate tumors (10-50%) mimic that of primary TNBC.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) are crucial targets in cancer therapy. Combined inhibition of both targets yielded synergistic effects in vitro and in vivo in several cancer entities. However, the impact of EGFR and mTOR expression and combined inhibition in neuroendocrine lung tumors other than small-cell lung cancer remains unclear. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Expression and activation of EGFR/AKT/mTOR pathway constituents were investigated in typical and atypical bronchial carcinoid (AC) tumors and large-cell neuroendocrine lung carcinomas (LCNEC) by immunohistochemistry in 110 tumor samples, and correlated with clinicopathological parameters and patient survival. Cytotoxicity of mTOR inhibitor everolimus and EGFR inhibitor erlotinib alone and in combination was assessed using growth inhibition assay in NCI-H720 AC and SHP-77 LCNEC cells. Cell cycle phase distribution was determined by FACS. Apoptosis-associated activation of caspase-3/7 was measured by Caspase-Glo(R) assay. Activity status of EGFR and mTOR pathway components was analyzed by immunoblotting. RESULTS: Activation of the EGFR/AKT/mTOR axis could be demonstrated in all entities and was significantly increased in higher grade tumors. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy correlated significantly with p-AKT expression and p-ERK loss. Erlotinib combined with everolimus exerted synergistic combination effects in AC and LCNEC cells by induction of apoptosis, while cell cycle phase distribution remained unaffected. These effects could be explained by synergistic downregulation of phospho-mTOR, phospho-p70S6 kinase and phospho-AKT expression by everolimus and erlotinib. CONCLUSIONS: Our study indicates that EGFR and mTOR are clinically important targets in bronchial neuroendocrine tumors, and further in vivo and clinical exploration of combined inhibition is warranted.
BACKGROUND: Patients with activating somatic mutations in the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) have better clinical outcomes when treated with Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors (TKI) over chemotherapy. However, the impact of the use of TKIs on overall survival outside clinical trials is not well established. OBJECTIVE: To characterize and analyze the overall survival of a Caucasian population with NSCLC and EGFR mutations. METHODS: A retrospective cohort analysis of patients with NSCLC screened for EGFR mutations (exons 18-21) between October 2009 and July 2013 was conducted. Clinical and pathological characteristics, mutational EGFR status, treatment and overall survival were evaluated. RESULTS: From the 285 patients which performed screening for EGFR mutations, 54 (18.9%) had mutations, 25 (46.3%) of which in exon 19 and 20 of which (37.0%) in exon 21. The occurrence of mutations was associated with female sex and non-smoking habits (both, P<.001). The median survival of the global population was 12.0 months, with a better overall survival in mutated than non-mutated patients (20.0 vs 11.0 months, respectively; P=.007). CONCLUSION: These data contribute for a better knowledge of our lung cancer population concerning the mutational status and clinical outcomes, confirming a better overall survival for the patients with EGFR TKI sensible mutations.
PURPOSE: In phase I/II studies, nelipepimut-S (NP-S) plus GM-CSF vaccine was well tolerated and effectively raised HER2-specific immunity in patients with breast cancer. Results from a prespecified interim analysis of a phase III trial assessing NP-S + GM-CSF are reported. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind phase III study enrolled females >/=18 years with T1-T3, HER2 low-expressing (IHC 1+/2+), node-positive breast cancer in the adjuvant setting. Patients received 1,000 mug NP-S + 250 mug GM-CSF or placebo + GM-CSF monthly for 6 months, then every 6 months through 36 months. The primary objective was disease-free survival (DFS). Protocol-specified imaging occurred annually. New abnormalities were categorized as recurrence events; biopsy confirmation was not mandated. The interim analysis was conducted as specified in the protocol after 73 DFS events. RESULTS: A total of 758 patients (mean age 51.8 years) were randomized. Adverse events were similar between groups; most common were injection-associated: erythema (84.3%), induration (55.8%), and pruritus (54.9%). There was no significant between-arms difference in DFS events at interim analysis at median follow-up (16.8 months). In the NP-S arm, imaging detected 54.1% of recurrence events in asymptomatic patients versus 29.2% in the placebo arm (P = 0.069). CONCLUSIONS: NP-S was well tolerated. There was no significant difference in DFS events between NP-S and placebo. Use of mandated annual scans and image-detected recurrence events hastened the interim analysis contributing to early trial termination.
Cyclins and cyclin-dependent protein kinases (CDKs) are important regulatory components that are required for cell cycle progression. The levels of the cell cycle CDKs are generally constant and their activities are controlled by cyclins, proteins whose levels oscillate during each cell cycle. Additional CDK family members were subsequently discovered that play significant roles in a wide range of activities including the control of gene transcription, metabolism, and neuronal function. In response to mitogenic stimuli, cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle produce cyclins of the D type that activate CDK4/6. These activated enzymes catalyze the monophosphorylation of the retinoblastoma protein. Then CDK2-cyclin E catalyzes the hyperphosphorylation of Rb that promotes the release and activation of the E2F transcription factors, which in turn lead to the generation of several proteins required for cell cycle progression. As a result, cells pass through the G1-restriction point and are committed to complete cell division. CDK2-cyclin A, CDK1-cyclin A, and CDK1-cyclin B are required for S, G2, and M-phase progression. Increased cyclin or CDK expression or decreased levels of endogenous CDK inhibitors such as INK4 or CIP/KIP have been observed in various cancers. In contrast to the mutational activation of EGFR, Kit, or B-Raf in the pathogenesis of malignancies, mutations in the CDKs that cause cancers are rare. Owing to their role in cell proliferation, CDKs represent natural targets for anticancer therapies. Abemaciclib (LY2835219), ribociclib (Lee011), and palbociclib (Ibrance((R)) or PD0332991) target CDK4/6 with IC50 values in the low nanomolar range. Palbociclib and other CDK inhibitors bind in the cleft between the small and large lobes of the CDKs and inhibit the binding of ATP. Like ATP, palbociclib forms hydrogen bonds with residues in the hinge segment of the cleft. Like the adenine base of ATP, palbociclib interacts with catalytic spine residues CS6 and CS7. CDK antagonists are in clinical trials for the treatment of a variety of malignancies. Significantly, palbociclib has been approved by the FDA for the treatment of hormone-receptor positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 negative breast cancer in conjunction with letrozole as a first-line therapy and with fulvestrant as a second-line treatment. As inhibitors of the cell cycle, it is not surprising that one of their most common toxicities is myelosuppression with decreased neutrophil production.
BACKGROUND: Breast ductal carcinoma in situ with microinvasion (DCIS-Mi) is considered to be the interim stage in the progression from DCIS to invasive breast cancer (IDC). Cases that exceed DCIS-Mi but still do not fulfill the diagnostic criteria of IDC often are observed. We define those cases as DCIS with invasion component (DCIS-I), and attempt to study the differences of clinicopathological features and immunohistochemical-based subtypes among DCIS, DCIS-Mi, and DCIS-I. METHODS: In this retrospective study, 550 consecutive DCIS patients were recruited, 271 (49.3%) cases were diagnosed as pure-DCIS, 67 as DCIS-Mi, and 212 as DCIS-I. They were categorized into four groups: luminal-A (ER+ and/or PR+, HER2-), luminal-B (ER+ and/or PR+, HER2+), ERBB2+ (ER-, PR-, HER2+), and basal-like (ER-, PR-, HER2-). RESULTS: DCIS-Mi and DCIS-I patients tended to have larger tumors with highly graded nuclear (P = 0.011 for size; P < 0.0001 for nuclear grade). The proportion of luminal-like tumors decreased, whereas ERBB2+ and basal-like tumors increased in DCIS-I/DCIS-Mi compared with pure-DCIS (P = 0.039). Although the HER2-positive tumors displayed a stable proportion among DCIS subgroups, the essences of them were varying. In pure-DCIS, luminal-B was the major subtype of HER2-positive tumors (luminal-B vs. ERBB2+, 19% vs. 14.6%), whereas in DCIS-I, the proportion of luminal-B decreased vastly (luminal-B vs. ERBB2+, 12.8% vs. 23.5%). DCIS-I had a worse relapse-free survival outcome compared with pure-DCIS. CONCLUSIONS: Different distribution of subtypes and distinctive characteristics among DCIS, DCIS-Mi, and DCIS-I indicate that they are distinct entities. Further studies with larger sample size are needed to replicate our observations.
OBJECTIVE: Osteosarcoma is a primary malignancy originating from mesenchymal tissue characterized by rapid growth, early metastasis and poor prognosis. Ginsenoside Rg5 (G-Rg5) is a minor ginsenoside extracted from Panax ginseng C.A. Meyer which has been discovered to possess anti-tumor properties. The objective of current study was to explore the mechanism of G-Rg5 in the treatment of osteosarcoma by network pharmacology and molecular docking technology. METHODS: Pharmmapper, SwissTargetPrediction and similarity ensemble approach databases were used to obtain the pharmacological targets of G-Rg5. Related genes of osteosarcoma were searched for in the GeneCards, OMIM and DrugBank databases. The targets of G-Rg5 and the related genes of osteosarcoma were intersected to obtain the potential target genes of G-Rg5 in the treatment of osteosarccoma. The STRING database and Cytoscape 3.8.2 software were used to construct the protein-protein interaction (PPI) network, and the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID) platform was used to perform gene ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analyses. AutoDock vina software was used to perform molecular docking between G-Rg5 and hub targets. The hub genes were imported into the Kaplan-Meier Plotter online database for survival analysis. RESULTS: A total of 61 overlapping targets were obtained. The related signaling pathways mainly included PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, Proteoglycans in cancer, Lipid and atherosclerosis and Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus infection. Six hub targets including PIK3CA, SRC, TP53, MAPK1, EGFR, and VEGFA were obtained through PPI network and targets-pathways network analyses. The results of molecular docking showed that the binding energies were all less than -7 kcal/mol. And the results of survival analysis showed TP53 and VEGFA affect the prognosis of sarcoma patients. CONCLUSION: This study explored the possible mechanism of G-Rg5 in the treatment of osteosarcoma using network pharmacology method, suggesting that G-Rg5 has the characteristics of multi-targets and multi-pathways in the treatment of osteosarcoma, which lays a foundation for the follow-up experimental and clinical researches on the therapeutic effects of G-Rg5 on osteosarcoma.
HER2-Low is defined as low levels of HER2 expression, based on a score of 1+ on immunohistochemical (IHC) assay or as an IHC score of 2+ and negative results on in situ hybridization (ISH or FISH). They are a heterogeneous population of breast cancers that vary in prognosis and sensitivity to systemic treatments. The frequency and clinical characteristics of pathogenic germline variants (PGVs) in HER2-Low breast cancer (BC) patients is not defined. We analyzed results from patients with BC who underwent multi-gene panel testing (MGPT) (maximum 145 genes) between 2018-2019. We reclassified HER-2 status accordingly. Relationships between the variables of interest were assessed by adopting the proportional regression Cox models. Of a total of 167 BC patients who underwent MGPT, half were hormone-receptor-positive. The median age was 45 years. About two thirds of the patients were in the earlier stage of BC. A total of 57% of the cases were reclassified as HER-2-negative or -Low. PGVs were found in 19% of the patients overall, as follows: seven BRCA1, four BRCA2, two ATM, one ATR, two CFTR, three CHEK2, one FANCA, one MERTK, one MLH1, three MUTYH, one RAD50, three RAD51C, one RECQL4, and two TP53 mutations. In HER2-Low, 26.5% of the patients had PGVs, and in the overall cohort, this was 19.8%. In conclusion, differences in the prevalence of deleterious germline mutations in HER2-Low BC patients compared to non-HER2-Low BC patients were identified. Similar alterations in BRCA were observed in this group of patients compared to the overall cohort. Germline genetic tests should be evaluated in larger cohorts of patients with HER2-Low status to better address the findings.
This study was intended to establish the predictive target of Shikonin (SK) against ovarian cancer using network pharmacology and to clarify the potential mechanism of SK in promoting apoptosis in ovarian cancer. Cell Counting Kit-8 assay, plate clone assays, LDH assay, flow cytometric analysis of Annexin V-fluorescein isothiocyanate/propidium iodide staining, and western blotting were used to assess the effect of SK on apoptosis of ovarian cancer cell lines (SKOV3 and A2780). Pharmacodynamic targets were used to predict the targets of SK and ovarian cancer. Gene Ontology (GO) enrichment analysis and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Gene and Genome (KEGG) pathway enrichment analyses were used to analyze the biological functions and signal pathways of these targets. SK promoted apoptosis in ovarian epithelioid adenocarcinoma cells. SK-ovarian cancer pharmacodynamic target analysis screened 17 related genes. GO and KEGG analyses showed that SK affected the estrogen signaling pathway. SK inhibited the expression of GPER in SKOV3 and A2780 cells and downregulated the expression of EGFR, p-EGFR, PI3K, and p-AKT in a concentration-dependent manner. The apoptosis-promoting effect of SK was enhanced by GPER-specific agonist G1 and inhibited by the specific inhibitor G15. The expression of EGFR, p-EGFR, PI3K, and p-AKT was decreased by G1 and reversed by G15. SK also inhibited tumor growth in the SKOV3 xenograft model, and it acted synergistically with G1. However, the effect can be attenuated by G15 in vivo. In summary, SK may affect the apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells through GPER/EGFR/PI3K/AKT, and GPER may be a key target of SK in ovarian cancer cell apoptosis.
Alterations of the tumor suppressor TP53, one of the most common events in cancer, alone are insufficient for tumor development but serve as drivers of transformation. We sought to identify cooperating events through genomic analyses of a somatic Trp53(R245W) mouse model (equivalent to the TP53(R248W) hot spot mutation in human cancers) that recapitulates metastatic breast-cancer development. We identified cooperating lesions similar to those found in human breast cancers. Moreover, we identified activation of the Pi3k/Akt/mTOR pathway in most tumors via mutations in Pten, Erbb2, Kras, and/or a recurrent Pip5k1c mutation that stabilizes the Pip5k1c protein and activates Pi3k/Akt/mTOR signaling. Another PIP5K1C family member, PIP5K1A, is coamplified with PI4KB in 18% of human breast cancer patients; both encode kinases that are responsible for production of the PI3K substrate, phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate. Thus, the TP53(R248W) mutation and PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling are major cooperative events driving breast-cancer development. Additionally, a combination of two US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs, tigecycline and metformin, which target oxidative phosphorylation downstream of PI3K signaling, inhibited tumor cell growth and may be repurposed for breast-cancer treatment. These findings advance our understanding of how mutant p53 drives breast-tumor development and pinpoint the importance of PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling, expanding combination therapies for breast-cancer treatment.
Adjuvant treatment with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor osimertinib will likely become a new standard of care in patients with EGFR-mutant non-small cell lung cancer. In the phase III ADAURA trial, 90% of patients with stage II-IIIA disease who received osimertinib were alive and free of cancer at 2 years, compared with 44% who received a placebo-results considered so striking that researchers unblinded the trial early.
Erlotinib is a low molecular weight tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) directed at epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), widely used in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Although introduction of EGFR-TKIs have significantly extended survival of advanced-stage NSCLC patients, their efficacy in the entire patient population is relatively low. Aside from activating EGFR mutations, no reliable biochemical or molecular predictors of response to erlotinib have been established. The aim of our retrospective study was to evaluate the association of baseline serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) with outcomes in patients with advanced-stage NSCLC treated with erlotinib. We retrospectively analyzed clinical data of 595 patients with advanced-stage NSCLC (IIIB or IV) treated with erlotinib. Serum CRP was measured using an immunoturbidimetric method. High baseline levels of CRP (>/=10 mg/l) were measured in 387 (65 %) patients, and normal levels (<10 mg/l) were measured in 208 (35 %) patients. The median progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for patients with high CRP was 1.8 and 7.7 compared to 2.8 and 14.4 months for patients with low CRP (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001). The multivariable Cox proportional hazards model revealed that CRP was significantly associated with PFS and also with OS (hazard ratio (HR) = 1.57, p < 0.001, and HR = 1.63, p < 0.001, respectively). In conclusion, the results of the conducted retrospective study suggest that high baseline level of CRP was independently associated with worse outcome of patients with advanced-stage NSCLC treated with erlotinib. CRP is a commonly used biomarker which is simple and easy to detect, and thus, it is feasible for the use in the routine clinical practice.
BACKGROUND: Exploring the value of baseline and early (18)F-FDG PET/CT evaluations in prediction PFS in ER+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer patients treated with a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor in combination with an endocrine therapy. METHODS: Sixty-six consecutive breast cancer patients who underwent a pre-therapeutic (18)F-FDG PET/CT and a second PET/CT within the first 6 months of treatment were retrospectively included. Metabolic tumour volume (MTV) and total lesion glycolysis (TLG) and D(max), which represents tumour dissemination and is defined as the distance between the two most distant lesions, were computed. The variation in these parameters between baseline and early evaluation PET as well as therapeutic evaluation using PERCIST were assessed as prognosticators of PFS at 18 months. RESULTS: The median follow-up was equal to 22.5 months. Thirty progressions occurred (45.4%). The average time to event was 17.8 +/- 10.4 months. At baseline, D(max) was the only predictive metabolic parameter. Patients with a baseline D(max) </= 18.10 cm had a significantly better 18 m-PFS survival than the others: 69.2% (7.7%) versus 36.7% (8.8%), p = 0.017. There was no association between PERCIST evaluation and 18 m-PFS status (p = 0.149) and there was no difference in 18 m-PFS status between patients classified as complete, partial metabolic responders or having stable metabolic disease. CONCLUSION: Disease spread at baseline PET, as assessed by D(max), is predictive of an event occurring within 18 months. In the absence of early metabolic progression, which occurs in 15% of patients, treatment should be continued regardless of the quality of the initial response to treatment.
Dysfunction of protein kinases has been associated with the development of the various molecular subtypes of breast cancer. The best example is the known role of HER2 in the tumorigenesis of a proportion of breast tumors. In this article, we review the state of the art knowledge on protein kinases involved in breast cancer. Special attention is given to those that are potentially druggable and those for which targeted agents are currently under clinical evaluation. Options for targeted drug combinations will be discussed, as well as the optimal way to integrate new kinase inhibitors in the clinical armamentarium to fight breast cancer. We will review recent results from clinical studies with agents targeting different kinases involved in the pathophysiology of breast cancer. In addition, we will evaluate the clinical development of kinase inhibitors to identify areas of knowledge that could be explored in future preclinical and clinical studies.
INTRODUCTION: Management of locally advanced, unresectable, or metastatic (adv/met) esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC) follows clinical guidance for gastric cancer (GC) and gastroesophageal junction cancer (GEJC). However, evidence for these guidelines is based largely on patients with adv/met GC/GEJC, and generally excludes patients with EAC. It is currently unclear whether patients with adv/met GC/GEJC and adv/met EAC have similar demographics and clinical outcomes in real-world practice. METHODS: Adult patients diagnosed with adv/met GC/GEJC and adv/met EAC between January 1, 2011 and November 30, 2018 were identified (Flatiron Health database); patients with confirmed human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive tumors were excluded, and index was date of adv/met diagnosis. Median overall survival (OS) from start of first-line therapy until death/censoring was estimated by the Kaplan-Meier method. Multivariable analysis (Cox proportional hazards) was conducted to identify factors associated with OS. RESULTS: In total, 3052 patients were identified (adv/met GC/GEJC, n = 2083; adv/met EAC, n = 969). Patients with EAC were more likely to be male, have a history of smoking, have a higher body weight and body mass index, and were less likely to be Hispanic/Latino or Medicaid enrollees than patients with GC/GEJC. A similar proportion of patients with adv/met GC/GEJC (75%; n = 2326) and adv/met EAC (77%; n = 1573) received first-line therapy. Fluoropyrimidine plus platinum combinations were the most frequent first-line regimen in both groups (36%). Median OS was similar for patients with adv/met GC/GEJC and adv/met EAC (9.7 vs. 9.1 months, respectively; hazard ratio [95% confidence interval] 0.96 [0.87-1.06]; p = 0.4320). CONCLUSION: Despite minor differences in baseline demographics, clinical outcomes for patients with adv/met GC/GEJC and EAC are similar. This supports the inclusion of patients with adv/met EAC in clinical trials assessing adv/med GC/GEJC.
BACKGROUND: The purpose of the study was to determine the utility of quantitation of the extracellular domain (ECD) of the HER-2/neu receptor in the serum for predicting response to treatment in patients with primary breast cancer receiving neoadjuvant therapy. METHODS: HER-2/neu ECD was measured in sera obtained from 39 patients with HER-2-amplified stage II-III primary breast cancer undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Patients were randomly assigned to either 4 cycles of paclitaxel followed by 4 cycles of fluorouracil, epirubicin, and cyclophosphamide (FEC) (n = 10) or to the same chemotherapy with simultaneous weekly trastuzumab for 24 weeks (n = 29). Changes in HER-2 ECD were monitored with the Bayer HER-2/neu assay over 6 months and correlated with pathological response to treatment. RESULTS: Before initiation of chemotherapy, 28.2% of patients had elevated concentration of the HER-2 ECD (>15 ng/mL). The median baseline serum HER-2 ECD concentration was 13.6 ng/mL (mean +/- SD, 20.3 +/- 35.5 ng/mL). A decrease in the median HER-2 ECD levels from baseline to Week 3 and from baseline to Week 6 of chemotherapy was seen regardless of treatment regimen. No significant difference in baseline HER-2 ECD levels was observed between the groups who achieved pathological complete response (pCR) and the group with residual disease (P = .41). However, a 9% drop from Week 3 to Week 6 after initial chemotherapy was predictive of pCR (P = .04). CONCLUSION: A decrease in serum HER-2 ECD levels early during treatment was associated with pathological response in patients receiving primary chemotherapy, particularly trastuzumab-based regimens. Serum HER-2 ECD levels may serve to monitor neoadjuvant therapy in HER-2-positive primary breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer in young women is a relatively rare disease; however it tends to be more aggressive and is the leading cause of cancer death in this population. The aim of this study is to investigate the clinical and biological features of breast cancer arising in young Turkish breast cancer patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with breast cancer aged 35 or less (</=35 years) were selected for the study. In total 211 cases were included. Pathologic features; histologic subtypes, grade, lymphovascular invasion, axillary involvement, and stage were recorded for each. RESULTS: The most common subtype was luminal B (36.5%), followed by luminal A (30.8%), triple negative (23.2%) and HER2+(9.5%) subtypes. Twelve percent of the patients had stage 4, 32.7% had stage 3, 46.4% had stage 2, and 6.2% had stage 1 disease at the time of diagnosis. Mean tumour diameter was 3.87 cm (range 0.3-13 cm). The axillary lymph nodes were positive in 74.4% of the patients, while lympho-vascular invasion was seen in 56.4%. Some 9.5% of patients had grade 1, 51.2% had grade 2, and 31.8% had grade 3 tumors. CONCLUSIONS: Young women with breast cancer in Turkey are more likely to present with luminal B subtype. Tumors in young women are more likely to present with advanced disease, to be high grade and and to have more lymphovascular invasion. Further research should focus on whether we need new treatment strategies for young patients with breast carcinoma.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) is a refractory disease with repeated attacks, and there is no accurate treatment target at present. Dipyridamole, a phosphodiesterase (PDE) inhibitor, has been proven to be an effective treatment for IBD in a pilot study. This study explored the therapeutic target of IBD and the pharmacological mechanism of dipyridamole for the treatment of IBD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The candidate targets of dipyridamole were obtained by searching the pharmMapper online server and Swiss Target Prediction Database. The IBD-related targets were selected from four GEO chips and three databases, including Genecards, DisGeNET, and TTD database. A protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed, and the core targets were identified according to the topological structure. KEGG and GO enrichment analysis and BioGPS location were performed. Finally, molecular docking was used to verify dipyridamole and the hub targets. RESULTS: We obtained 112 up-regulated genes and 157 down-regulated genes, as well as 105 composite targets of Dipyridamole-IBD. Through the PPI network analysis, we obtained the 7 hub targets, including SRC, EGFR, MAPK1, MAPK14, MAPK8, PTPN11, and LCK. The BioGPS showed that these genes were highly expressed in the immune system, digestive system, and endocrine system. In addition, the 7 hub targets had good intermolecular interactions with dipyridamole. The therapeutic effect of dipyridamole on IBD may involve immune system activation and regulation of inflammatory reactions involved in the regulation of extracellular matrix, perinuclear region of cytoplasm, protein kinase binding, and positive regulation of programmed cell death through cancer pathway (proteoglycans in cancer), lipid metabolism, Ras signaling pathway, MAPK signaling pathway, PI3K-AKT signaling pathway, Th17 cell differentiation, and other cellular and innate immune signaling pathways. CONCLUSION: This study predicted the therapeutic target of IBD and the molecular mechanism of dipyridamole in treating IBD, providing a new direction for the treatment of IBD and a theoretical basis for further research.
Resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) has become the main clinical challenge of advanced lung cancer. This research aimed to explore the role of PARP1-mediated autophagy in the progression of TKI therapy. PARP1-mediated autophagy was evaluated in vitro by CCK-8 assay, clonogenic assay, immunofluorescence, and western blot in the HCC-827, H1975, and H1299 cells treated with icotinib (Ico), rapamycin, and AZD2281 (olaparib) alone or in combination. Our results and GEO dataset analysis confirmed that PARP1 is expressed at lower levels in TKI-sensitive cells than in TKI-resistant cells. Low PARP1 expression and high p62 expression were associated with good outcomes among patients with NSCLC after TKI therapy. AZD2281 and a lysosomal inhibitor reversed resistance to Ico by decreasing PARP1 and LC3 in cells, but an mTOR inhibitor did not decrease Ico resistance. The combination of AZD2281 and Ico exerted a markedly enhanced antitumor effect by reducing PARP1 expression and autophagy in vivo. Knockdown of PARP1 expression reversed the resistance to TKI by the mTOR/Akt/autophagy pathway in HCC-827IR, H1975, and H1299 cells. PARP1-mediated autophagy is a key pathway for TKI resistance in NSCLC cells that participates in the resistance to TKIs. Olaparib may serve as a novel method to overcome the resistance to TKIs.
BACKGROUND: Real-world clinical experience with afatinib as a treatment for advanced lung adenocarcinoma harboring uncommon epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations (G719X, L861Q and S768I) has rarely been reported. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to perform a retrospective multicenter study to analyze afatinib therapy in untreated advanced lung adenocarcinoma harboring uncommon EGFR mutations. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Between May 2014 and June 2021, the data of 90 stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma patients with uncommon EGFR mutations (G719X/L861Q/S768I) treated with first-line afatinib from the cancer center database of Linkou, Tucheng, and Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospitals were retrospectively retrieved and analyzed. RESULTS: Afatinib had an objective response rate (ORR) of 63.3% and a disease control rate (DCR) of 86.7%. The median progression-free survival (PFS) with first-line afatinib therapy was 17.3 months (95% confidence interval (CI), 12.07-22.53), and the median overall survival (OS) was 28.5 months (95% CI, 20.22-36.77) in all study patients. In the multivariate analysis, poor performance (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (ECOG PS) >/= 2) and brain and liver metastases were independent predictors of unfavorable PFS. The G719X mutation (alone+compound) was an independent predictor of favorable PFS (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.578; 95% CI, 0.355-0.941; P = 0.027). Most afatinib-related adverse events (AEs) were limited to grades 1 and 2 and were manageable. CONCLUSIONS: First-line afatinib therapy is effective and safe for advanced lung adenocarcinoma harboring uncommon EGFR mutations. The G719X mutation was an independent factor associated with a favorable outcome. Poor performance (ECOG PS >/= 2), brain metastasis, and liver metastasis were predictive factors of shorter PFS with first-line afatinib therapy.
BACKGROUND: Paired-like homeodomain transcription factor 1 (PITX1) participates in miscellaneous biological processes including cell growth, development, progression and invasion in various malignant tumors. However, the analysis of the association between PITX1 expression and the survival in breast cancer remains unclear. METHODS: Clinical prognostic parameters and survival data related to PITX1 in breast cancer patients were performed using the bioinformatic analysis including Oncomine, Bc-GenExMiner v4.3, PrognoScan and UCSC Xena. RESULTS: We found that PITX1 gene expression was significantly higher in different histological classification of breast cancer. The Scarff-Bloom-Richardson (SBR) grade, Nottingham prognostic index (NPI), estrogen receptor (ER) negative, epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) positive, lymph node positive, triple-negative status and basal-like status were positively correlated with PITX1 level, except for patients' age and the progesterone receptor (PR) status. We have found that the increased PITX1 expression correlated with worse relapse-free survival, disease specific survival and overall survival. PITX1 was positively correlated with metastatic relapse-free survival and distant metastasis-free survival. We also confirmed positive correlation between PITX1 and the nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain 2 (NOD2). CONCLUSION: The lower expression of PITX1 was associated with better clinical prognostic parameters and clinical survival in breast cancer according to the bioinformatic analysis.
BACKGROUND: Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), which was related with an acquired resistance to gefitinib, was found in the A549 lung cancer cell line. However, the clinical feasibility of this finding is still questionable. Here, we investigated whether EMT could be detected in a more clinically suitable situation using patient's tumor and cells with deletion mutation on exon 19 of EGFR gene. METHODS: HCC827 cell line was used to establish the subline resistant to EGFR-TKIs. The induction of EMT was analyzed by immunostainings and Western blots in resistant cells and biopsied tissue from a patient with acquired resistance to erlotinib. Migration and invasion assay was performed to characterize the resistant cells. EMT-related genes expression was evaluated by cDNA microarray. Phospho-receptor tyrosine kinase array analysis was carried out to find bypass activating signals such as MET. RESULTS: We found that EMT developed in a lung cancer patient who had an acquired resistance to erlotinib while there were no known resistant mechanisms such as T790M and MET amplification. CL-387,785-resistant cells (HCC827/CLR) were obtained by long-term exposure to increasing concentrations of CL-387,785 (an irreversible EGFR-TKI). The morphological and molecular maker changes compatible with EMT were also found in HCC827/CLR cells. However, there were also no secondary T790M mutation and MET amplification. Furthermore, the activity of most of tested RTKs including receptor HER family was decreased suggesting that there was no bypass activating signal leading to resistance. These cells showed an enhanced capability for migration ( approximately 1.6-fold) and invasion ( approximately 2.8-fold). CONCLUSION: EMT should be considered as one of possible mechanisms for the acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs in lung cancer cells.
Radiotherapy can increase the cell cycle arrest that promotes apoptosis, reduces the risk of tumor recurrence and has become an irreplaceable component of systematic treatment for patients with breast cancer. Substantial advances in precise radiotherapy unequivocally indicate that the benefits of radiotherapy vary depending on intrinsic subtypes of the disease; luminal A breast cancer has the highest benefit whereas human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive and triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) are affected to a lesser extent irrespective of the selection of radiotherapy strategies, such as conventional whole-breast irradiation (CWBI), accelerated partial-breast irradiation (APBI), and hypofractionated whole-breast irradiation (HWBI). The benefit disparity correlates with the differential invasiveness, malignance, and radiosensitivity of the subtypes. A combination of a number of molecular mechanisms leads to the strong radioresistant profile of HER2-positive breast cancer, and sensitization to irradiation can be induced by multiple drugs or compounds in luminal disease and TNBC. In this review, we aimed to summarize the prognostic differences between various subtypes of breast tumors after CWBI, APBI, and HWBI, the potential reasons for drug-enhanced radiosensitivity in luminal breast tumors and TNBC, and the robust radioresistance of HER2-positive cancer.
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-associated mortality worldwide, and the mainstay of treatment remains to be personalised therapy. Tyrosine kinase inhibitors of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR-TKIs) have been reported to exert a significant impact in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), particularly in patients harbouring mutations in the EGFR gene. The echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4-anaplastic lymphoma kinase (EML4-ALK) gene translocation has been described in a subset of patients with NSCLC and possesses potent oncogenic activity. This translocation represents one of the most novel molecular targets in the treatment of NSCLC. Patients who harbour the EML4-ALK rearrangement possess lung tumours that lack EGFR or K-ras mutations. The present study reports the case of a patient possessing the EML4-ALK rearrangement that was initially treated with erlotinib and achieved a lasting clinical response. To the best of our knowledge, the current study is the first report of a clinical response to EGFR-TKI in a patient with lung adenocarcinoma harbouring the EML4-ALK fusion gene, but no EGFR mutations. However, as the disease progressed, the ALK gene status of the tumour was investigated, and based upon a positive result, the patient was treated with crizotinib and achieved a complete response. In conclusion, the present study suggests that the EML4-ALK rearrangement is not always associated with resistance to EGFR-TKIs. Further studies are required to clarify the biological features of these tumours and to investigate the mechanisms underlying the primary resistance to EGFR-TKIs when the EML4-ALK rearrangement is present.
Breast cancer, the second most common cancer worldwide, is the leading cause of cancer-associated mortality in women, accounting for ~15% of all cancer-associated mortalities in women. The development, local invasion and metastasis of breast cancer are associated with the dysregulation and mutation of numerous genes and epigenetic mechanisms, including coding RNA and non-coding RNA, such as microRNAs (miRs/miRNAs). Previous studies have shown a dual-faced role of miR-125b in breast cancer. In the present study, a total of 221 paraffin-embedded breast cancer and 49 paraffin-embedded non-cancerous breast tissue samples were collected. In situ hybridization was used to analyze the expression of miR-125b in the breast cancer tissues. Spearman's rank correlation analysis was used to analyze the expression correlation between miR-125b and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2). The overall survival estimates over time were calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method with log-rank test. It was found that miR-125b expression was significantly increased in the breast cancer tissues compared with that in the non-cancerous tissues, and high miR-125b expression indicated a poor prognosis in the breast cancer patients. In addition, miR-125b expression was positively correlated with HER2, but not with progesterone receptor and estrogen receptor. Notably, high miR-125b expression was significantly correlated with tumor size and Tumor-Node-Metastasis stage in the HER2-positive breast cancer patients, along with a poor prognosis. The present study provides clinical data to confirm the oncogenic potential of miR-125b, particularly in HER2-positive human breast cancer. Thus, identification of miR-125b may be a potential molecular biomarker for the prediction of clinical outcomes in breast cancer patients, particularly HER2-positive cases that will receive paclitaxel-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Large-scale tumor sequencing projects enabled the identification of many new cancer gene candidates through computational approaches. Here, we describe a general method to detect cancer genes based on significant 3D clustering of mutations relative to the structure of the encoded protein products. The approach can also be used to search for proteins with an enrichment of mutations at binding interfaces with a protein, nucleic acid, or small molecule partner. We applied this approach to systematically analyze the PanCancer compendium of somatic mutations from 4,742 tumors relative to all known 3D structures of human proteins in the Protein Data Bank. We detected significant 3D clustering of missense mutations in several previously known oncoproteins including HRAS, EGFR, and PIK3CA. Although clustering of missense mutations is often regarded as a hallmark of oncoproteins, we observed that a number of tumor suppressors, including FBXW7, VHL, and STK11, also showed such clustering. Beside these known cases, we also identified significant 3D clustering of missense mutations in NUF2, which encodes a component of the kinetochore, that could affect chromosome segregation and lead to aneuploidy. Analysis of interaction interfaces revealed enrichment of mutations in the interfaces between FBXW7-CCNE1, HRAS-RASA1, CUL4B-CAND1, OGT-HCFC1, PPP2R1A-PPP2R5C/PPP2R2A, DICER1-Mg2+, MAX-DNA, SRSF2-RNA, and others. Together, our results indicate that systematic consideration of 3D structure can assist in the identification of cancer genes and in the understanding of the functional role of their mutations.
The present study aimed to understand the expression characteristics of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) in individuals of Uygur, Han and Kazak ethnicity with esophageal carcinoma in Xinjiang (China) and their interrelation analysis, and to investigate the expression differences in these genes between esophageal carcinoma and pericarcinoma tissue samples, and between the three ethnic groups. The expression levels of EGFR and VEGFR-2 from 119 pairs of esophageal carcinoma tissue and corresponding pericarcinoma tissue from Uygur, Han and Kazak patients with esophageal carcinoma were detected by immunohistochemistry following surgical resection, and an additional five carcinoma in situ specimens were also tested. The relative expression was analyzed among the ethnic groups and clinicopathological parameters. The positive rate of EGFR in esophageal carcinoma tissue from patients of Uygur, Han and Kazak heritage was 70.73, 68.42 and 67.5%, respectively. For VEGFR-2 the positive rate was 73.17, 68.42 and 67.5%, respectively. No significant difference was detected in their expression between the three ethnic groups (P>0.05); however, EGFR and VEGFR-2 overexpression were correlated with lymph node metastasis (P<0.05). VEGF expression was also correlated with the expression of VEGFR-2 in esophageal carcinoma tissues. EGFR was positive in carcinoma in situ samples, while VEGFR-2 was negative. The overexpression of EGFR is therefore an early event and may have a significant role in the progression of esophageal carcinoma pathogenesis. EGFR overexpression may correlate with the expression of VEGFR-2 in esophageal cancer. These results may aid the early diagnosis of esophageal cancer, and the development of individual target treatment in the future.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths globally. Adenomas, precursors to CRC, can be diagnosed early, but the genetic events leading to adenoma-adenocarcinoma conversion remain unclear. This study explored the role of chromosomal instabilities (CINs) in this conversion. Over a 17-year follow-up period, 119 adenomas were analyzed using low-coverage whole-genome sequencing (LC-WGS) and Ultrasensitive Chromosomal Aneuploidy Detector. Risk factors for adenocarcinoma development were identified through logistic regression analysis, and survival was assessed using Kaplan-Meier curves. CIN was found in 32% of adenomas, with a higher incidence in high-grade adenomas (P = 0.0359). Common chromosomal changes included loss of 18q, 1p, and 17p and gain of 8q (MYC), 20q, and 7p (EGFR). During the 17-year follow-up, 88 patients experienced recurrence, including 40 cases of adenomas and 48 cases of progression to adenocarcinoma. CIN was identified in 40% of progression cases, 33.6% of adenoma recurrence cases, and 26% of nonrecurrent cases. A strong genetic linkage was observed before and after tumor transformation, with a high match between the tumors and matched prior adenomas. CIN was significantly associated with disease progression (HR: 2.5, 95% CI: 1.4-4.5, P = 0.00162) and was an independent risk factor. Additionally, MFN2 gene copy number deletion was linked to recurrence and/or progression after resection, with reduced expression in tumor tissues. In conclusion, CIN is a key risk factor for adenoma recurrence and progression, and MFN2 gene copy number deletion is associated with adverse outcomes, providing insights for more accurate clinical prognostication of adenoma-to-adenocarcinoma transformation.
The growth inhibition and antitumor activities of yuanhuadine (1), a daphnane diterpenoid from the flowers of Daphne genkwa, were investigated in human lung cancer cells. Compound 1 exhibited a relatively selective growth inhibition against human lung cancer cells compared to other solid human cancer cell lines. The potent antiproliferative activity by 1 was associated with cell-cycle arrest and modulation of cell-signaling pathways. Cell-cycle arrest in the G0/G1 and G2/M phase was induced by 1 in A549 human non-small-cell lung cancer cells, and these events were correlated with the expression of checkpoint proteins including the up-regulation of p21 and down-regulation of cyclins, cyclin-dependent kinases 2 (CDK2) and 4 (CDK4), and c-Myc. Compound 1 also suppressed the expression of the Akt/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and its downstream effector molecules including p70 S6 kinase (p70S6K) and eukaryotic initiation factor 4E-binding protein 1 (4EBP1). Ligand-induced epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and c-Met signaling were also inhibited by 1. The oral administration of 1 (0.5 mg/kg body weight, daily) for 14 days significantly inhibited tumor growth in athymic xenograft nude mouse model bearing human lung A549 cells, without any overt toxicity. Synergistic antiproliferative effects of compound 1 were also found in combination with the EGFR inhibitor gefitinib. Cell-cycle arrest and suppression of Akt/mTOR and EGFR signaling pathways might be plausible mechanisms of actions for the antiproliferative and antitumor activity of 1 in human non-small-cell lung cancer cells.
Extracellular vesicles comprise two main classes - exosomes and shed microvesicles (sMVs). Whilst much is known about exosome cargo content and functionality, sMVs are poorly understood. Here, we describe the large-scale purification of sMVs released from primary (SW480) and metastatic (SW620) human isogenic colorectal cancer (CRC) cell lines using a combination of differential ultracentrifugation and isopycnic iodixanol density centrifugation. The yield of SW480-sMVs and SW620-sMVs was 0.75mg and 0.80mg, respectively. Both SW480-/SW620-sMVs are heterogeneous in size (100-600nm diameter) and exhibit identical buoyant densities (1.10g/mL). In contrast to exosomes, sMVs are ALIX(-), TSG101(-), CD63(-) and CD9(-). Quantitative mass spectrometry identified 1295 and 1300 proteins in SW480-sMVs and SW620-sMVs, respectively. Gene Ontology enrichment analysis identified 'cell adhesion' (CDH1, OCLN, CTN families), 'signalling pathway' (KRAS, NRAS, MAPK1, MAP2K1), and 'translation/RNA related' processes (EIF, RPL, HNRNP families) in both sMV types. Strikingly, SW480- and SW620-sMVs exhibit distinct protein signatures - SW480-sMVs being enriched in ITGA/B, ANXA1, CLDN7, CD44 and EGFR/NOTCH signalling networks, while SW620-sMVs are enriched in PRKCA, MACC1, FGFR4 and MTOR/MARCKS signalling networks. Both SW480- and SW620-sMVs are taken up by NIH3T3 fibroblasts resulting in similar cell invasion capability. This study provides, for the first time, molecular insights into sMVs and CRC biology.
Mounting evidence supports a major role for the Na(+)/H(+) exchanger NHE1 in cancer progression and metastasis. NHE1 is hyperactive at the onset of oncogenic transformation, resulting in intracellular alkalinization and extracellular microenvironmental acidification. These conditions promote invasion and facilitate metastasis. However, the signal pathways governing the regulation of exchanger activity are still unclear. This is especially important in the aggressively metastatic, triple-negative basal breast cancer subtype. We used affinity chromatography followed by mass spectrometry to identify novel and putative interaction partners of NHE1 in MDA-MB-231 triple-negative breast cancer cells. NHE1 associated with several types of proteins including cytoskeletal proteins and chaperones. We validated protein interactions by co-immunoprecipitation for: 14-3-3, AKT, alpha-enolase, CHP1, HSP70 and HSP90. Additionally, we used The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) to study NHE1 gene expression in primary patient breast tumours versus adjacent normal tissue. NHE1 expression was elevated in breast tumour samples and, when broken down by breast cancer subtype, NHE1 gene expression was significantly lower in tumours of the basal subtype compared to luminal and HER2+ subtypes. Reverse phase protein array (RPPA) analysis showed that NHE1 expression positively correlated with p90(RSK) expression in basal, but not luminal, primary tumours. Other proteins were negatively correlated with NHE1 expression in basal breast cancer tumours. Taken together, our data provides the first insight into the signalling molecules that form the NHE1 interactome in triple-negative breast cancer cells. These results will focus our search for novel targeted therapies.
We reported an enzyme-free ELISA to detect breast cancer biomarker human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) in human serum samples. Instead of enzymes (such as horseradish peroxidase) used in traditional ELISA, CuO nanoparticles were utilized as the signal probe. Compared to traditional enzymes, CuO nanoparticles have the advantages of low cost and good stability. After dissolving CuO nanoparticles with acid, the Cu (II) ions generated catalyzed the reaction of o-phenylenediamine with ascorbic acid to produce fluorescent quinoxaline derivative molecules. The immunoassay displays high sensitivity and good selectivity towards HER2 with detection limit as low as 9.65pg.mL(-1). The assay was successfully applied to the analysis of HER2 in serum of breast cancer patients. The analysis results demonstrated the HER2 level in the serum samples determined by our assay were in good agreement with those determined by commercial HER2 ELISA kit. This enzyme-free ELISA assay can be easily adapted to the detection of other analytes. With these merits, the simple, sensitive and cost effective fluorescence immunoassay shows great potential for clinical applications.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer cell lines have been used widely to investigate breast cancer pathobiology and new therapies. Breast cancer is a molecularly heterogeneous disease, and it is important to understand how well and which cell lines best model that diversity. In particular, microarray studies have identified molecular subtypes-luminal A, luminal B, ERBB2-associated, basal-like and normal-like-with characteristic gene-expression patterns and underlying DNA copy number alterations (CNAs). Here, we studied a collection of breast cancer cell lines to catalog molecular profiles and to assess their relation to breast cancer subtypes. METHODS: Whole-genome DNA microarrays were used to profile gene expression and CNAs in a collection of 52 widely-used breast cancer cell lines, and comparisons were made to existing profiles of primary breast tumors. Hierarchical clustering was used to identify gene-expression subtypes, and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) to discover biological features of those subtypes. Genomic and transcriptional profiles were integrated to discover within high-amplitude CNAs candidate cancer genes with coordinately altered gene copy number and expression. FINDINGS: Transcriptional profiling of breast cancer cell lines identified one luminal and two basal-like (A and B) subtypes. Luminal lines displayed an estrogen receptor (ER) signature and resembled luminal-A/B tumors, basal-A lines were associated with ETS-pathway and BRCA1 signatures and resembled basal-like tumors, and basal-B lines displayed mesenchymal and stem/progenitor-cell characteristics. Compared to tumors, cell lines exhibited similar patterns of CNA, but an overall higher complexity of CNA (genetically simple luminal-A tumors were not represented), and only partial conservation of subtype-specific CNAs. We identified 80 high-level DNA amplifications and 13 multi-copy deletions, and the resident genes with concomitantly altered gene-expression, highlighting known and novel candidate breast cancer genes. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, breast cancer cell lines were genetically more complex than tumors, but retained expression patterns with relevance to the luminal-basal subtype distinction. The compendium of molecular profiles defines cell lines suitable for investigations of subtype-specific pathobiology, cancer stem cell biology, biomarkers and therapies, and provides a resource for discovery of new breast cancer genes.
INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of breast cancer with thyroid diseases. Many authors have already studied the possible relationship between these two diseases, but the results are nowadays conflicting. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Our study examining 867 patients with breast cancer (862 women and 5 men, average age = 61 years old) of whom 141 also had thyroid disease evaluated the recurrence of thyroid diseases and their association with different types of breast cancer. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS software for Windows; we used nonparametric tests (Chi-square and Mann-Whitney), and the level of significance was set at p < 0.05. RESULTS: We found a significant association between breast cancer diagnosed after menopause and thyroid disease (p < 0.003). Moreover, we analyzed the role of thyroid autoimmunity identifying an association between chronic autoimmune thyroiditis and breast cancer diagnosed before menopause (p < 0.05). Regarding receptor profile of breast carcinoma, we have found an increased expression of estrogen receptors in patients with autoimmune thyroiditis compared to patients with any other thyroid diseases (p < 0.03). Contrariwise, we do not have found any difference between the group with every thyroid disease and the group without thyroid disease (p < 1.00). We did not find other statistically significant associations with breast cancer's parameters like family history, tumor size, lymph node metastasis, distant metastasis, cancer clinical and pathological stage, differentiation grade and expression of Ki67, p53 and Her2 in the two main groups with or without thyroid disease. Likewise, we did not found other statistically significant association between hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism and breast cancer.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between SAF and CHD in the general population of China and to assess the feasibility of SAF used as a predictor of CHD. METHODS: This study was nested within the prospective study REACTION (Cancer Risk Assessment in Chinese Diabetic Population) which included a total of 5806 eligible participants from two communities located in urban Beijing in 2018. SAF were measured using a fluorescence detector (DM Scan). CHD was the study endpoint and was determined by a face-to-face clinical survey. Pearson's correlation analysis, linear regression analysis, and binary logistic regression analysis were used to examine the association between SAF and CHD. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of CHD in the general population was 12.1%. Logistic analysis showed that after full adjustment for confounding factors, the risk of CHD increased significantly with increasing lnSAF quartiles (p-trend < 0.05). Compared to Q1 group, the multivariate adjusted ORs of Q2 and Q3 groups were 1.071 (0.817, 1.404), 1.025 (0.781, 1.344), respectively, and the OR was markedly increased at Q4 (OR = 1.377 [1.043, 1.817]). When lnSAF was a continuous variable, the risk of CHD increased with the elevation of lnSAF level. Stratified analysis showed that in subgroups with overweight (24-28 kg/m(2)), eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2), and diabetes mellitus (DM), lnSAF was still significantly correlated with CHD. CONCLUSIONS: In Chinese general population, higher lnSAF is independently associated with increased risk of CHD, and noninvasive SAF holds the potential to be a biomarker for CHD risk evaluation and stratification.
KRAS-specific inhibitors have shown promising antitumor effects, especially in non-small cell lung cancer, but limited efficacy in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. Recent studies have shown that EGFR-mediated adaptive feedback mediates primary resistance to KRAS inhibitors, but the other resistance mechanisms have not been identified. In this study, we investigated intrinsic resistance mechanisms to KRAS inhibitors using patient-derived CRC cells (CRC-PDCs). We found that KRAS-mutated CRC-PDCs can be divided into at least an EGFR pathway-activated group and a PI3K/AKT pathway-activated group. In the latter group, PDCs with PIK3CA major mutation showed high sensitivity to PI3K+mTOR co-inhibition, and a PDC with Her2 amplification with PIK3CA minor mutation showed PI3K-AKT pathway dependency but lost KRAS-MAPK dependency by cytoplasmic localization of KRAS. In the PDC, Her2 knockout restored KRAS plasma membrane localization and KRAS inhibitor sensitivity. The current study provides insight into the mechanisms of primary resistance to KRAS inhibitors, including aberrant KRAS localization.
PURPOSE: Breast cancer in young Asian women has distinctive clinicopathological characteristics; hence, we question the universal generalizability of treatment recommendations based on data from predominantly non-Asian postmenopausal women. METHODS: The Asian Breast Cancer Cooperative Group (ABCCG) reviewed current ESO-ESMO and St. Gallen recommendations for treating hormone receptor positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative (HR+/HER2-) breast cancer in premenopausal women. Points disputed by >/= 3/12 members were discussed, and statements on contentious issues formulated for anonymous voting; consensus required a >/= 75% majority. RESULTS: The ABCCG contends that: (1) Trials in premenopausal women are not only necessary, but also worthwhile if performed separately from others that also enroll postmenopausal participants. (2) Not all premenopausal women with HR+ early breast cancer need adjuvant ovarian function suppression (OFS). (3) Certain clinical factors might influence decision-making about prescribing OFS. (4) For early HR+/HER2- breast cancer in premenopausal patients with OFS, tamoxifen is preferred for intermediate-risk cases; for high risk, near-consensus supported aromatase inhibitor, despite no clear overall survival benefit versus tamoxifen. (5) Oncotype DX Breast Recurrence Score((R)) has different treatment implications in patients aged </= 50 versus > 50 years. (6) High-risk patients (if premenopausal after chemotherapy) should receive adjuvant chemotherapy and OFS plus aromatase inhibitor. (7) For patients with advanced disease receiving OFS on a backbone of tamoxifen, gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists may be given 12-weekly. (8) For premenopausal women who decline OFS or oophorectomy, tamoxifen alone is still an option but is considered less effective; other monotherapies are also less effective than OFS plus such treatments. CONCLUSION: Premenopausal Asian women with breast cancer have unique disease characteristics and may benefit from treatment that differs somewhat from international guidelines. Given the great diversity of patients and clinical settings worldwide, the ABCCG advocates evidence-based yet flexible and individualized use of all potential options to improve breast cancer outcomes.
The oncolytic herpes simplex virus (HSV) that has been approved for clinical practice and those HSVs in clinical trials are attenuated viruses, often with the neurovirulence gene gamma(1)34.5 and additional genes deleted. One strategy to engineer nonattenuated oncolytic HSVs consists of retargeting the viral tropism to a cancer-specific receptor of choice, exemplified by HER2 (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2), which is present in breast, ovary, and other cancers, and in detargeting from the natural receptors. Because the HER2-retargeted HSVs strictly depend on this receptor for infection, the viruses employed in preclinical studies were cultivated in HER2-positive cancer cells. The production of clinical-grade viruses destined for humans should avoid the use of cancer cells. Here, we engineered the R-213 recombinant, by insertion of a 20-amino-acid (aa) short peptide (named GCN4) in the gH of R-LM113; this recombinant was retargeted to HER2 through insertion in gD of a single-chain antibody (scFv) to HER2. Next, we generated a Vero cell line expressing an artificial receptor (GCN4R) whose N terminus consists of an scFv to GCN4 and therefore is capable of interacting with GCN4 present in gH of R-213. R-213 replicated as well as R-LM113 in SK-OV-3 cells, implying that addition of the GCN4 peptide was not detrimental to gH. R-213 grew to relatively high titers in Vero-GCN4R cells, efficiently spread from cell to cell, and killed both Vero-GCN4R and SK-OV-3 cells, as expected for an oncolytic virus. Altogether, Vero-GCN4R cells represent an efficient system for cultivation of retargeted oncolytic HSVs in non-cancer cells.IMPORTANCE There is growing interest in viruses as oncolytic agents, which can be administered in combination with immunotherapeutic compounds, including immune checkpoint inhibitors. The oncolytic HSV approved for clinical practice and those in clinical trials are attenuated viruses. An alternative to attenuation is a cancer specificity achieved by tropism retargeting to selected cancer receptors. However, the retargeted oncolytic HSVs strictly depend on cancer receptors for infection. Here, we devised a strategy for in vitro cultivation of retargeted HSVs in non-cancer cells. The strategy envisions a double-retargeting approach: one retargeting is via gD to the cancer receptor, and the second retargeting is via gH to an artificial receptor expressed in Vero cells. The double-retargeted HSV uses alternatively the two receptors to infect cancer cells or producer cells. A universal non-cancer cell line for growth of clinical-grade retargeted HSVs represents a step forward in the translational phase.
[This corrects the article DOI: 10.7759/cureus.39780.].
S-1 and irinotecan combination is attractive for breast cancer refractory to anthracyclines and taxanes. Patients with advanced human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer previously treated with anthracyclines and taxanes were eligible. Patients with brain metastases and homozygous for UGT1A1 *6 or *28 or compound heterozygous (*6/*28) were excluded. A dose-escalation design was chosen for the phase I portion (level 1: irinotecan 80 mg/m(2)  days 1-8 and S-1 80 mg/m(2)  days 1-14 every 3 weeks; level 2: irinotecan 100 mg/m(2) and S-1 80 mg/m(2) ). Study objectives included determination of the recommended dose for phase II, response rate, progression-free survival (PFS), and safety. Pharmacokinetics and CD34(+) circulating endothelial cells (CECs) as pharmacodynamics were also analyzed. Thirty-seven patients were included. One patient at each level developed dose-limiting toxicities; therefore, level 2 was the recommended dose for phase II. Diarrhea was more common in patients possessing a *6 or *28 allele compared with wild-type homozygous patients (46% and 25%). Among 29 patients treated at level 2, PFS was longer for UGT1A1 wt/*6 and wt/*28 patients than for wt/wt patients (12 vs. 8 months, P = 0.06). PFS was significantly longer in patients with a larger-than-median SN-38 area under the curve (AUC) than in those with a smaller AUC (P = 0.039). There was an association between clinical benefit and reduction in baseline CD34(+) CECs by S-1 (P = 0.047). The combination of irinotecan and S-1 is effective and warrants further investigation.
BACKGROUND: Tissue protein expression profiling has the potential to detect new biomarkers to improve breast cancer (BC) diagnosis, staging, and prognostication. This study aimed to identify tissue proteins that differentiate breast cancer tissue from healthy breast tissue using protein chip mass spectrometry and to examine associations with conventional pathological features. METHODS: To develop a training model, 82 BC and 82 adjacent unaffected tissue (AT) samples were analysed on cation-exchange protein chips by time-of-flight mass spectrometry. For validation, 89 independent BC and AT sample pairs were analysed. RESULTS: From the protein peaks that were differentially expressed between BC and AT by univariate analysis, binary logistic regression yielded two peaks that together classified BC and AT with a ROC area under the curve of 0.92. Two proteins, ubiquitin and S100P (in a novel truncated form), were identified by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry and validated by immunoblotting and reactive-surface protein chip immunocapture. The combined marker panel was positively associated with high histologic grade, larger tumour size, lymphovascular invasion, ER and PR positivity, and HER2 overexpression, suggesting that it may be associated with a HER2-enriched molecular subtype of breast cancer. CONCLUSION: This independently validated protein panel may be valuable in the classification and prognostication of breast cancer patients.
There has been conflicting evidence on the impact of bilateral breast cancer (BBC) on the survival and management of patients. The objectives of this study were to address the incidence of BBC and to investigate its characteristics and outcome compared to unilateral cancer. Data were acquired from the prospectively maintained NUIG breast cancer database between 1988 and 2008. BBC were then categorized as synchronous (within 12 months) or metachronous (after 12 months of first tumour). SPSS was used for data analysis. The incidence of BBC in our population was 4.4% (112 of 2,524). Of those 2.1% were synchronous while 2.3% were metachronous. Compared to unilateral cases, bilateral cancer patients were younger (P = 0.021) and had smaller size (P = 0.001) and earlier stage (P < 0.001) tumours at diagnosis. We identified the HER2/neu positivity as a risk factor for developing contralateral breast tumour and ER negativity as a risk factor for developing metachronous tumours. While there was no significant difference in survival for patients with bilateral compared to unilateral tumour (P > 0.05), the synchronous tumour was associated with poorer survival (P = 0.010) in comparison to metachronous tumour. This large single-institutional experience does not support the increasing practice of prophylactic mastectomy but does justify regular follow-up with mammography for early detection of contralateral tumour.
Leptomeningeal metastases occur in 1% of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. There have been several reports on the treatment of leptomeningeal metastases with afatinib. Our patient was a 41-year-old woman who had never smoked and was diagnosed with stage IV adenocarcinoma of the lung with an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation. She was treated with afatinib for the recurrence of leptomeningeal metastases. After the treatment with afatinib was initiated, the neurological symptoms dramatically regressed, and she achieved progression-free survival for 7 months. The concentration of afatinib in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) ranged from 0.05 to 0.14 ng/mL, and the penetration rate of afatinib from the plasma to the CSF ranged from 0.28 to 0.40%. This concentration might be sufficient to achieve a clinical effect for leptomeningeal carcinomatosis. Therefore, afatinib administered at the usual doses may be an effective treatment for leptomeningeal carcinomatosis of EGFR-mutated or EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor-sensitive lung adenocarcinoma.
Existing studies have yet to elucidate clearly the mechanisms of secondary resistance to third generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), neither is there any established standard therapy for patients resistant to third generation EGFR-TKIs. This case report demonstrates a rare mutation pattern in a male patient with a pathologic diagnosis of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring an EGFR exon 19 deletion (19Del) mutation, who then acquired an EGFR-T790M mutation after developing resistance to the first generation EGFR-TKI (gefitinib). The mutation reverted to the original EGFR-19Del mutation after the patient developed secondary resistance against the third generation TKI (osimertinib). This patient eventually achieved partial response (PR) with second generation TKI (afatinib) as a fourth-line treatment.
Background: Mammary cancer, called breast cancer in humans, results from the abnormal growth of cells in the mammary glands that attack the surrounding tissue. The process of carcinogenesis at the molecular level can be monitored through the production of proteins as biomarkers for carcinogenesis. 7,12-Dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) is a known carcinogenic compound. This study aimed to analyze the proteomic profile as critical data regarding DMBA-induced carcinogenesis in SpragueDawley rats. Methods: Experimental animals were divided into two groups: a treatment group given DMBA at a dose of 10 mg/kg (intramammary) at intervals of 48 hours for a total of 10 doses, and a negative control group that was not given any treatment. Measurement of the total protein concentration was carried out using a spectrophotometer, and the data were analyzed using a t-test, while the characterization of protein profiles was carried out based on molecular weight data using SDSPAGE. Mammary gland histopathology was evaluated by hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining. Results: The results showed a significant (p<0.05) increase of 27% in the total protein concentration in the rat mammary cancer model. The results of proteomic characterization showed a protein profile containing proteins of 187, 169, 68, 64, 53, 41, 24, 18, and 14 kDa, which were suspected to be HER-2, Nischarin, COX-2, Albumine, Vimentin, ACTB, TNF, p16, and fatty acid binding protein 3 (FABP3), respectively. Histopathology of the mammary glands showed an irregular and indistinct arrangement of the alveoli and extensive epithelial cell proliferation from the surface to the lumen of the mammary ducts, and the mammary stroma showed the formation of new epithelial cells, which were cancer cells that spread to surrounding tissue. Conclusions: The proteomic profile was strongly associated with morphological alterations in mammary carcinogenesis in a rat model of DMBA-induced mammary cancer.
Breast cancer (BC) is a health problem worldwide; there is evidence that inflammatory cytokines are increased in BC. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) has multiple effects on immune cells, inflammation and cancer. Besides, in previous studies, contradictory and uncertain results have been presented on the implication of Th17 cytokine profile in BC. The aim of this study was to evaluate the plasma levels of MIF and the Th17 cytokine profile in BC and their association with their molecular subtypes and clinical stage. A total of 150 women with BC of Ella Binational Breast Cancer Study and 60 healthy women (HW) were evaluated in cross-sectional study. The molecular subtypes were identified by immunohistochemistry. The plasma levels of MIF were quantified by ELISA and Th17 cytokine profile by multiplex system. MIF and IL-17 were significantly increased in BC versus HW (11.1 vs. 5.2 ng/mL and 14.8 pg/mL vs. 2.5 pg/mL p < 0.001, respectively). Our analysis showed that both MIF and IL-17A were associated with increased risk of breast cancer (OR 3.85 CI 95% 1.98-7.50 and OR 4.51 95% 1.83-11.15, respectively), higher in aggressive subtypes Luminal B, HER2 and TN. Likewise, we observed positive correlation between MIF and IL-17A (p < 0.001). In addition, IL-17E was lower in BC versus HW (p <0.001). Likewise, we observed a positive correlation between MIF and IL-17A (p < 0.001). In conclusion, both MIF and IL-17A were associated with high risk for breast cancer and aggressive molecular subtypes.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) elicit potent cell cycle arrest in EGFR-mutant non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. However, little is known about the mechanisms through which these drugs alter the tumor phenotype that contributes to the immune escape of EGFR-mutant cells. Using EGFR-mutant NSCLC cell lines and tissue samples from patients, we investigated the changes in immune checkpoints expressed in tumor cells following EGFR inhibition. Subsequently, we also analyzed the role of soluble factors from the dying tumor cells in the activation of immune signaling pathways involved in therapy resistance. Upon EGFR-TKI treatment, we found that EGFR-mutant cells upregulated the expression of innate immune checkpoint CD24 in vitro. We then analyzed biopsy samples from six patients who developed resistance to a first-generation EGFR-TKI without the acquired T790M mutation. Immunohistochemistry revealed that levels of tumor CD24 expression were increased upon treatment compared with those from pre-treatment samples. Monocyte-derived macrophages facilitated antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis when EGFR-TKI-treated EGFR-mutant cells were incubated with anti-CD24 antibodies in vitro, suggesting that CD24 may be a therapeutical target for EGFR-mutant lung cancer. Moreover, EGFR inhibition accelerated the release of cell-free DNA (cfDNA) from dying tumor cells, which activated the type I interferon signaling pathways in human THP-1 monocytes in a stimulator of interferon genes-dependent manner. Our study indicates that EGFR inhibition in EGFR-mutant NSCLC cells fosters a tumor microenvironment associated with immune escape. Thus, CD24 targeted therapy and cfDNA monitoring may contribute to improved treatment outcomes in patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
Lung cancer is considered the most common and the deadliest cancer type. Lung cancer could be mainly of 2 types: small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. Non-small cell lung cancer is affected by about 85% while small cell lung cancer is only about 14%. Over the last decade, functional genomics has arisen as a revolutionary tool for studying genetics and uncovering changes in gene expression. RNA-Seq has been applied to investigate the rare and novel transcripts that aid in discovering genetic changes that occur in tumours due to different lung cancers. Although RNA-Seq helps to understand and characterise the gene expression involved in lung cancer diagnostics, discovering the biomarkers remains a challenge. Usage of classification models helps uncover and classify the biomarkers based on gene expression levels over the different lung cancers. The current research concentrates on computing transcript statistics from gene transcript files with a normalised fold change of genes and identifying quantifiable differences in gene expression levels between the reference genome and lung cancer samples. The collected data is analysed, and machine learning models were developed to classify genes as causing NSCLC, causing SCLC, causing both or neither. An exploratory data analysis was performed to identify the probability distribution and principal features. Due to the limited number of features available, all of them were used in predicting the class. To address the imbalance in the dataset, an under-sampling algorithm Near Miss was carried out on the dataset. For classification, the research primarily focused on 4 supervised machine learning algorithms: Logistic Regression, KNN classifier, SVM classifier and Random Forest classifier and additionally, 2 ensemble algorithms were considered: XGboost and AdaBoost. Out of these, based on the weighted metrics considered, the Random Forest classifier showing 87% accuracy was considered to be the best performing algorithm and thus was used to predict the biomarkers causing NSCLC and SCLC. The imbalance and limited features in the dataset restrict any further improvement in the model's accuracy or precision. In our present study using the gene expression values (LogFC, P Value) as the feature sets in the Random Forest Classifier BRAF, KRAS, NRAS, EGFR is predicted to be the possible biomarkers causing NSCLC and ATF6, ATF3, PGDFA, PGDFD, PGDFC and PIP5K1C is predicted to be the possible biomarkers causing SCLC from the transcriptome analysis. It gave a precision of 91.3% and 91% recall after fine tuning. Some of the common biomarkers predicted for NSCLC and SCLC were CDK4, CDK6, BAK1, CDKN1A, DDB2.
BACKGROUND: The ETOP 10-16 BOOSTER trial failed to demonstrate a progression-free survival (PFS) benefit for adding bevacizumab to osimertinib in second line. An exploratory subgroup analysis, however, suggested a PFS benefit of the combination in patients with a smoking history and prompted us to do this study. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the differential effect of smoking status on the benefit of adding an angiogenesis inhibitor to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy was carried out. All relevant randomized controlled trials appearing in main oncology congresses or in PubMed as of 1 November 2021 were used according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses statement. Primarily PFS according to smoking status, and secondarily overall survival (OS) were of interest. Pooled and interaction hazard ratios (HRs) were estimated by fixed or random effects models, depending on the detected degree of heterogeneity. Bias was assessed using the revised Cochrane tool for randomized controlled trials (RoB 2). RESULTS: Information by smoking was available for 1291 patients for PFS (seven studies) and 678 patients for OS (four studies). The risk of bias was low for all studies. Combination treatment significantly prolonged PFS for smokers [n = 502, HR = 0.55, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.44-0.69] but not for nonsmokers (n = 789, HR = 0.92, 95% CI: 0.66-1.27; treatment-by-smoking interaction P = 0.02). Similarly, a significant OS benefit was found for smokers (n = 271, HR = 0.66, 95% CI: 0.47-0.93) but not for nonsmokers (n = 407, HR = 1.07, 95% CI: 0.82-1.42; treatment-by-smoking interaction P = 0.03). CONCLUSION: In advanced EGFR-non-small-cell lung cancer patients, the addition of an angiogenesis inhibitor to EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy provides a statistically significant PFS and OS benefit in smokers, but not in non-smokers. The biological basis for this observation should be pursued and could determine whether this might be due to a specific co-mutational pattern produced by tobacco exposure.
BACKGROUND: Sulforaphane (SFN) has been shown to induce the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and inhibit epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mediated signaling in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). NSCLC cells harboring constitutively active EGFR mutations are more sensitive to SFN treatment than cells with wild-type EGFR, but whether NSCLC cells with high levels of EGFR expression are more resistant or sensitive to SFN treatment is not known. STUDY DESIGN: We employed a pair of cell lines, CL1-0 and CL1-5, which have the same genetic background but different levels of EGFR expression, to examine the effects of high EGFR level in the sensitivity to SFN. METHODS: The effect of SFN on cell viability and tumorigenicity was examined by trypan blue dye-exclusion assay, clonogenic assays, flow cytometry, and immunoblotting in vitro as well as tumorigenicity study in vivo. ROS levels in cells were assessed by flow cytometry using the ROS-reactive fluorescent indicator CM-H2DCFDA. Knockdown of EGFR in CL1-5 cells was infected with an EGFR-targeting small hairpin (interfering) RNA (shRNA)-containing lentivirus. RESULTS: We present evidence that cells with high-level EGFR expression (CL1-5) are more resistant to SFN treatment than those with low-level expression (CL1-0). SFN treatment produced a similar increase in ROS and caused arrest of a cell population at S-phase accompanied by the induction of gammaH2AX, a DNA damage-response marker, in both cell sublines. However, SFN induced apoptosis only in the high-EGFR-expressing CL1-0 subline. Pretreatment with the antioxidant N-acetyl-L-cysteine prevented SFN-induced apoptosis in CL1-0 cells and production of gammaH2AX in both CL1-0 and CL1-5 cells. shRNA-mediated knockdown of EGFR in CL1-5 cells rendered the cells susceptible to SFN-induced apoptosis. CONCLUSION: The cellular effects produced by SFN in NSCLC cells are largely mediated by SFN-induced production of ROS. Cells with higher levels of EGFR were more resistant to SFN treatment and showed resistance to SFN-induced apoptosis, suggesting that high EGFR levels protect cells from SFN-induced apoptosis. Despite this, we found that SFN retained the ability to inhibit the growth of NSCLC tumors with high-level EGFR expression in vivo.
Breast cancer (BC) is the most frequently diagnosed malignant tumor among women in the world. BC is the heterogeneous tumor with different subtypes including luminal A-like, luminal B-like (HER2-/HER2+), HER2 enriched, and triple-negative BC. The therapeutic strategies including surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, targeted therapy, and endocrine therapy are well developed and commonly used in the treatment of BC. However, some adverse effects of these conventional treatments limited their wide application in clinical. Therefore, it is necessary to develop more safe and more efficient individualized treatment strategies of the BC. Nanomedicine, as the most promising strategy for controlled and targeted drug delivery, is widely used in multiple aspects of cancer therapy. Importantly, accumulative evidences show that nanomedicine has achieved good outcomes in the treatment of BC and a huge amount of BC patients benefited from the nanomedicine related treatments. In this review, we summarized and discussed the major problems occurred during the administration of conventional treatment strategies for BC and the potential roles of nanomedicine in promoting the treatment efficacy of BC by overcoming obstacles of current treatment of BC.
The standard treatment for ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) of the breast is surgical resection, followed by radiation. Here, we tested localized therapy of DCIS in mice using the immunoconjugate 225Ac linked-trastuzumab delivered through the intraductal (i.duc) route. Trastuzumab targets HER-2/neu, while the alpha-emitter 225Ac (half-life, 10 days) delivers highly cytotoxic, focused doses of radiation to tumors. Systemic 225Ac, however, elicits hematologic toxicity and at high doses free 213Bi, generated by its decay, causes renal toxicity. I.duc delivery of the radioimmunoconjugate could bypass its systemic toxicity. Bioluminescent imaging showed that the therapeutic efficacy of intraductal 225Ac-trastuzumab (10-40 nCi per mammary gland; 30-120 nCi per mouse) in a DCIS model of human SUM225 cancer cells in NSG mice was significantly higher (p<0.0003) than intravenous (120 nCi per mouse) administration, with no kidney toxicity or loss of body weight. Our findings suggest that i.duc radioimmunotherapy using 225Ac-trastuzumab deserves greater attention for future clinical development as a treatment modality for early breast cancer.
In colorectal cancer (CRC), the prevalence of NRAS mutations (5-9%) is inferior to that of KRAS mutations (40-50%). NRAS mutations feature lately during tumour progression and drive resistance to anti-EGFR therapy in KRAS wild-type tumours. To elucidate specific functions of NRAS mutations in CRC, we expressed doxycycline-inducible G12D and Q61K mutations in the CRC cell line Caco-2. A focused phospho-proteome analysis based on the Bio-Plex platform, which interrogated the activity of MAPK, PI3K, mTOR, STAT, p38, JNK and ATF2, did not reveal significant differences between Caco-2 cells expressing NRAS(G12D), NRAS(Q61K) and KRAS(G12V). However, phenotypic read-outs were different. The NRAS Q61K mutation promoted anchorage-independent proliferation and tumorigenicity, similar to features driven by canonical KRAS mutations. In contrast, expression of NRAS(G12D) resulted in reduced proliferation and apoptosis. At the transcriptome level, we saw upregulation of cytokines and chemokines. IL1A, IL11, CXCL8 (IL-8) and CCL20 exhibited enhanced secretion into the culture medium. In addition, RNA sequencing results indicated activation of the IL1-, JAK/STAT-, NFkappaB- and TNFalpha signalling pathways. These results form the basis for an NRAS(G12D)-driven inflammatory phenotype in CRC.
A series of novel N(2)-phenyl-N(4)-5-(dimethylphosphinyl)-6-quinoxalinaminepyrimidine-2,4-diamine derivatives were synthesized and evaluated as potential inhibitors of EGFR C797S-mediated resistance. Notably, most of these compounds exhibited robust antiproliferative activity against Baf3-EGFR(L858R/T790M/C797S) and Baf3-EGFR(Del19/T790M/C797S) cancer cell lines with IC(50) values in the nanomolar range. Among them, compound Y9m showed the most potent inhibitory activity with IC(50) values as low as 8-9 nM. Mechanistic studies showed that Y9m effectively inhibited EGFR (L858R/T790M/C797S) and EGFR(Del19/T790M/C797S) kinases, which modulate the phosphorylation of the EGFR signaling pathway proteins. Notably, PI3K phosphorylation in the mTOR signaling pathway decreased as compound concentration increased, which implies that Y9m enhances anti-tumor activity by blocking the phosphorylation of the dual signaling pathways. Y9m induced cell cycle arrest at the G0/G1 phase by inducing apoptosis through the inhibition of CyclinD1 expression and regulating Caspase-3 expression. In conclusion, Y9m is a promising candidate in the development of highly efficacious anticancer agents.
Fulvestrant (Ful) is an effective and widely used agent for first- and second-line treatment of hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2-negative (HR+/HER2-) metastatic breast cancer (MBC). However, there is no evidence of treatment after progression on Ful. Our study aimed to investigate the profile of daily practice regarding therapy after Ful. A consecutive series of 131 HR+, HER2- MBC patients who failed Ful 500 mg as first-line or second-line therapy from June 2014 to June 2017 in 6 institutions were included and analysed. Among 131 patients who failed Ful with similar baseline characteristics, 31 (23.7%) received endocrine therapy (ET), and 100 (76.3%) were treated with chemotherapy (CT). The most frequently applied CT regimen was capecitabine (32%), and the ET regimen was exemestane + everolimus (35.5%). Multivariate analysis showed that patients with bone-only metastasis were associated with lower CT use (OR = 7.97, 95% CI 1.51-41.84, P = 0.01). Among patients who received CT and ET as subsequent treatments, the median progression-free survival (PFS) was 7.5 months (95% CI 6.2-8.8) and 6.0 months (95% CI 4.1-7.9), respectively (p = 0.03). Among patients who were resistant to Ful (PFS < 6 months), the PFS on CT was significantly longer than that on ET (7.1 months vs 3.9 months, p = 0.024, HR = 0.5, 95% CI 0.26-0.97); however, among patients with a PFS >/=6 months on Ful, the efficacy of CT and ET was similar. Additionally, among patients with an older age, bone-only metastasis and >/=3 metastatic sites, no significant difference was observed between the CT and ET groups. Moreover, ET was much more tolerated than CT in terms of the incidence of grade 3/4 toxicities (9.6% vs 27%, P < 0.05). Median overall survival (OS) was not reached. Thus, our findings reveal the pattern of post-Ful treatment in current clinical practice and provide evidence on the efficacy, safety and choice of these treatments.
The antibody-drug conjugate enfortumab-vedotin acts by targeting nectin-4, a protein that is nearly ubiquitously expressed in conventional urothelial cancer. However, expression of nectin-4 in morphologic variants of urothelial carcinoma and nonurothelial histotypes was unknown. Immunohistochemistry for nectin-4 using was performed on 169 patients including 83 with nonmuscle invasive bladder cancer and 86 patients with muscle invasive bladder cancer. Staining was scored for intensity (0 to 3) and extent (% positive cells) using the histological score system, where >15 was considered positive. Overall, 72/83 (87%) samples of nonmuscle invasive urothelial carcinoma were positive, including 29/30 (97%) noninvasive papillary urothelial carcinomas, 7/8 (87.5%) carcinomas in situ, 36/45 (80%) papillary urothelial carcinomas invading the lamina propria. Overall, 50/86 muscle invasive tumors were positive, including 15/22 (68.2%) urothelial carcinomas, 7/10 (70%) squamous cell carcinomas, 3/11 (28%) micropapillary tumors, 4/6 (66%) adenocarcinomas, 2/4 (50%) nested carcinomas, 5/8 (63%) plasmacytoid, 1/10 (10%) sarcomatoid carcinomas, and 0/15 (0%) small cell carcinomas. Whole transcriptome RNA sequencing revealed that compared with conventional urothelial carcinomas, most sarcomatoid carcinomas and all but 2 small cell carcinomas expressed very low levels of nectin-4 mRNA but expressed significant levels of either trop2 or ERBB2, which are the molecular targets of 2 other antibody-drug conjugates-sacituzumab gavitecan (trop2) or trastuzumab deruxtecan (ERBB2/HER2). In summary, our study demonstrates that there is heterogeneity of expression of nectin-4 in morphologic variants of urothelial cancer and nonurothelial histotypes, and suggests that testing expression of nectin-4 should be considered in morphologic variants or nonurothelial histotypes found to have lower expression.
Several scoring systems are available to estimate prognosis and assist in selecting treatment methods for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with brain metastasis, including recursive partitioning analysis (RPA), basic score for brain metastases (BS-BM), and diagnosis-specific graded prognostic assessment (DS-GPA). Lung-molGPA is an update of the DS-GPA that incorporates EGFR and/or ALK mutation status. The present study tested the applicability of these four indexes in 361 lung adenocarcinoma patients with brain metastasis. Potential predictive factors in our independent multivariate analysis included patient age, Karnofsky performance status, EGFR and ALK mutation status, and use of targeted therapy. In the log-rank test, all four systems predicted overall survival (OS) (P<0.001). Harrell(')s C indexes were 0.732, 0.724, 0.729, and 0.747 for RPA, BS-BM, DS-GPA, and Lung-molGPA, respectively. Our results confirmed that the Lung-molGPA index was useful for estimating OS in our patient cohort, and appeared to provide the most accurate predictions. However, the independent prognostic factors identified in our study were not entirely in agreement with the Lung-molGPA factors. In an era of targeted therapy, Lung-molGPA must be further updated to incorporate more specific prognostic factors based on additional patient data.
PURPOSE: Non small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the leading worldwide source of cancer-related deaths. Although some drugs targeting EGFR mutations have been developed, most advanced cases are still incurable. New targets for anticancer drugs are demanded. The kringle 1 domain of hepatocellular growth factor alpha chain (HGFK1) is a potent anti-angiogenesis factor. It has also emerged as a potential anticancer factor in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The expression of HGFK1 protein in patients with NSCLC has not been reported to date. METHOD: Here, we assessed HGFK1 expression by Western blotting in 103 cases with advanced NSCLC to investigate the impact of HGFK1 on survival. RESULTS: Results revealed 33 (30.1%) patients were classified as high expressors, this being significantly associated with less remote metastasis (P = 0.002) but not with lymph node metastasis (P = 0.062). There was also a significant association between HGFK1 expression and tumor size (P = 0.025) as well as clinical stage (P = 0.012). Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that both overall survival (OS) and progression free survival (PFS) of patients with HGFK1 expression were longer than those of patients without HGFK1 expression (P = 0.004 and P = 0.001 respectively). HGFK1 reversed gefitinib inhibition in the resistant NSCLC cell line A431/GR but did not inhibit the proliferation of NSCLC cells A431 and A431/GR directly. Reversion of gefitinib inhibition in A431/GR cells by HGFK1 was related to decreased phosphorylation of ERK and STAT5. CONCLUSIONS: HGFK1 may be a useful prognostic factor of advanced NSCLC patients and a potential drug for gefitinib resistant patients.
We report the case of a 57-year-old male with T1N1M0, estrogen receptor-positive (ER+), progesterone receptor-positive (PR+), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-), corresponding to American Joint Committee on Cancer Stage IIA (AJCC Stage IIA) invasive ductal cell carcinoma of the left breast, who underwent a radical mastectomy with adjuvant chemotherapy. CT and MRI imaging demonstrated an adrenal nodule that persisted even after the patient's chemotherapy regimen was completed. Subsequent PET imaging detected a hypermetabolic left adrenal mass concerning for distant metastasis. Ultimately, the patient and care team decided that a robotic-assisted left adrenalectomy was likely the best course of action. Intraoperative frozen and final pathology both confirmed a benign adrenal fibroadenoma. This case highlights the diagnostic challenges faced when distinguishing adrenal metastasis from benign lesions in patients with a history of malignancy, especially when imaging findings are nonspecific. The case emphasized the sheer importance of multidisciplinary evaluation and potential surgical intervention in rare malignancies, such as male breast cancer, where existing guidelines are often extrapolated from female populations.
BACKGROUND: Tyrosine-kinase inhibitors (TKIs) of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) usually provide a potent anti-tumor efficacy with robust radiographic response for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring activating mutations in the EGFR gene. However, first-generation EGFR-TKIs may provide only modest pathological response in the majority of EGFR-mutated NSCLC. Here, we present a case of EGFR-mutated adenocarcinoma in which a pathological complete response was revealed in histological specimens obtained during conversion surgery following systemic treatment using a third-generation EGFR-TKI. CASE PRESENTATION: A 61-year-old Japanese man was admitted to our hospital for salvage surgery. Four months prior to the admission, he had been diagnosed with unresectable adenocarcinoma (clinical stage IIIA/T4N1MO) originating from the right lower lobe. Chest computed tomography had revealed a 3.4-cm tumor and enlarged hilar nodes that invaded into the left atrium through the lower pulmonary vein. An activating EGFR-mutation (L858R) had been detected in the tumor specimen. Osimertinib monotherapy had provided a dramatic radiographic response. The patient was diagnosed with potentially resectable disease after 4 months' osimertinib treatment and was referred to our hospital. Complete resection with right lower lobectomy and combined resection of the left atrium was achieved. Pathological examination showed no viable tumor cells in the resected specimens. Postoperative course was uneventful. The patient is alive without tumor recurrence at 2 years after surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Pathological complete response was achieved with systemic treatment with osimertinib prior to surgery. Conversion surgery after osimertinib treatment may be safe and effective for NSCLC harboring activating EGFR-mutations.
BACKGROUND: VeriStrat test is a serum assay which uses a mass spectrometry (MS)-based proteomic signature derived from machine learning. It is currently used as a prognostic marker for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receiving chemotherapy. However, little is known about its role for NSCLC patients receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs). METHODS: This is a retrospective study that includes 47 patients with advanced stage NSCLC without an activating EGFR mutation, who underwent the VeriStrat test from 2016 to 2018. Spectra from blood samples were evaluated to assign patients into the VeriStrat 'Good' (VS-G) or VeriStrat 'Poor' (VS-P) risk group. The clinical outcomes of 32 patients who received programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) inhibitors nivolumab or pembrolizumab were analyzed by VeriStrat status. RESULTS: The VS-G group demonstrated significantly higher progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) compared to the VS-P group among overall NSCLC patients regardless of treatment (median PFS of 7.1 vs. 4.2 months, P=0.013, and median OS, not reached vs. 17.2 months, P=0.012). Among NSCLC patients treated with ICIs, VS-G classification was associated with significantly increased PFS in comparison to VS-P classification (median PFS of 6.2 vs. 3.0 months, P=0.012), while the differences in OS trended towards significance (median OS, not reached vs. 16.5 months P=0.076). Multivariate analysis showed that the VeriStrat status was significantly correlated with PFS and OS in NSCLC patients treated with ICIs (P=0.017, P=0.034, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: MS-based serum proteomic signature has potential as a biomarker for survival outcome in NSCLC patients receiving immunotherapy.
The advent of targeted therapy in non-small-cell lung cancer (nsclc) has made the routine molecular diagnosis of EGFR mutations crucial for optimal patient management. Obtaining tumour tissue for biomarker testing, especially in the setting of re-biopsy, can present many challenges. A potential alternative source of tumour dna is circulating cell-free tumour-derived dna (ctdna). Although ctdna is present in low quantities in plasma, the convenience of sample acquisition and the increasing reliability of detection methods make this approach a promising one. The various performance characteristics of both digital and nondigital platforms are still variable, and a standardized approach is needed that will make those platforms reliable clinical tools for the detection of EGFR sensitizing mutations and resistance mutations, including the T790M resistance mutation. Information derived from ctdna can be used to assess tumour burden, to identify genomic-based resistance mechanisms, and to track dynamic changes during therapy.
We created an Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutation Database (http://www.cityofhope.org/cmdl/egfr_db) that curates a convenient compilation of somatic EGFR mutations in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and associated epidemiological and methodological data, including response to the tyrosine kinase inhibitors Gefitinib and Erlotinib. Herein, we analyze 809 mutations collected from 26 publications. Four super hotspots account for 70% of reported mutations while two-thirds of 131 unique mutations have been reported only once and account for only 11% of reported mutations. Consistent with strong biological selection for gain of function, the reported mutations are virtually all missense substitutions or in-frame microdeletions, microinsertions, or microindels (colocalized insertion and deletion with a net gain or loss of 1-50 nucleotides). Microdeletions and microindels are common in a region of exon 19. Microindels, which account for 8% of mutations, have smaller inserted sequences (95% are 1 to 5 bp) and are elevated 16-fold relative to mouse somatic microindels and to human germline microindels. Microdeletions/microindels are significantly more frequent in responders to Gefitinib or Erlotinib (P = 0.003). In addition, EGFR mutations in smokers do not carry signatures of mutagens in cigarette smoke. Otherwise, the mutation pattern does not differ significantly with respect to gender, age, or tumor histology. The EGFR Mutation Database is a central resource of EGFR sequence variant data for clinicians, geneticists, and other researchers. Authors are encouraged to submit new publications with EGFR sequence variants to be included in the database or to provide direct submissions via The WayStation submission and publication process (http://www.centralmutations.org).
BACKGROUND: Breast cancers treated with aromatase inhibitors (AIs) can develop AI resistance, which is often driven by estrogen receptor-alpha (ERalpha/ESR1) activating mutations, as well as by ER-independent signaling pathways. The breast ER antagonist lasofoxifene, alone or combined with palbociclib, elicited antitumor activities in a xenograft model of ER + metastatic breast cancer (mBC) harboring ESR1 mutations. The current study investigated the activity of LAS in a letrozole-resistant breast tumor model that does not have ESR1 mutations. METHODS: Letrozole-resistant, MCF7 LTLT cells tagged with luciferase-GFP were injected into the mammary duct inguinal glands of NSG mice (MIND model; 6 mice/group). Mice were randomized to vehicle, lasofoxifene +/- palbociclib, fulvestrant +/- palbociclib, or palbociclib alone 2-3 weeks after cell injections. Tumor growth and metastases were monitored with in vivo and ex vivo luminescence imaging, terminal tumor weight measurements, and histological analysis. The experiment was repeated with the same design and 8-9 mice in each treatment group. RESULTS: Western blot analysis showed that the MCF7 LTLT cells had lower ERalpha and higher HER2 expressions compared with normal MCF7 cells. Lasofoxifene +/- palbociclib, but not fulvestrant, significantly reduced primary tumor growth versus vehicle as assessed by in vivo imaging of tumors at study ends. Percent tumor area in excised mammary glands was significantly lower for lasofoxifene plus palbociclib versus vehicle. Ki67 staining showed decreased overall tumor cell proliferation with lasofoxifene +/- palbociclib. The lasofoxifene + palbociclib combination was also associated with significantly fewer bone metastases compared with vehicle. Similar results were observed in the repeat experiment. CONCLUSIONS: In a mouse model of letrozole-resistant breast cancer with no ESR1 mutations, reduced levels of ERalpha, and overexpression of HER2, lasofoxifene alone or combined with palbociclib inhibited primary tumor growth more effectively than fulvestrant. Lasofoxifene plus palbociclib also reduced bone metastases. These results suggest that lasofoxifene alone or combined with a CDK4/6 inhibitor may offer benefits to patients who have ER-low and HER2-positive, AI-resistant breast cancer, independent of ESR1 mutations.
BACKGROUND: The utilization of cancer-linked genetic alterations for categorizing patients against optimal treatment is becoming increasingly popular, especially in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, disadvantages of the conventional techniques, such as the low throughput and limited detectable alteration types, lead to the demand of large-scale parallel sequencing for different forms of genetic variants. METHODS: We evaluated the potential of performing next-generation sequencing (NGS)-based methods in a cohort of 61 treatment-naive NSCLC patients to profile their driver mutations, using a panel consisting of 8 well-established driver genes of lung cancer. RESULTS: Our data revealed that 80% of patients harbored driver mutations. Moreover, our data revealed a few rare mutations, such as BRAF K601E and EGFR exon 20 insertion, which cannot be detected using commercially available single gene testing kits of conventional methods. We detected one patient with dual driver mutations. Next, correlations between driver mutations and clinical characteristics were interrogated in this cohort. Our results revealed that EGFR alterations were positively correlated with early stage, adenocarcinoma, alveolar and papillary component, TTF1 expression, and negatively correlated with P40 and Ki67 expression. ERBB2 alterations were associated with younger age and micro-invasive feature of tumor. Rearrangements of ALK indicated tumor relapse. CONCLUSIONS: Our study highlights the potential of NGS-based methods in treatment-naive patients, thus paving its way for routine clinical use. Investigation of clinical correlation of driver mutations might be helpful for clinicians in cancer diagnosis and has implications for seeking patients with specific gene alteration in clinical studies.
The development of HER2 targeting agents has dramatically altered the natural history of HER2-positive breast cancer and is often cited as a prime example of the effectiveness of molecularly targeted therapy. Emerging data suggest that the remarkable clinical efficacy of these agents may be related to their ability to target the breast cancer stem cell (CSC) population. A new study suggests that the regulation of BCSCs by HER2 may extend to breast cancers that do not display HER2 gene amplification. In these tumors, HER2 is selectively expressed in the CSC population, and this expression is regulated by the tumor microenvironment. In mouse models, trastuzumab blocked growth of these HER2-negative tumors when administered in the adjuvant setting but had no effect on established tumors. These studies provide a potential biologic explanation for retrospective analysis of clinical trials, which surprisingly suggest that the clinical benefits of adjuvant trastuzumab may extend to women currently classified as HER2-negative. In addition to having significant implications for breast cancer therapy, these studies suggest the need to reevaluate the role of HER2 in regulating CSCs in other tumor types. Furthermore, these studies suggest that effective adjuvant therapies may need to target the CSC population.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Breast cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths among women. Down-regulation of the tumor suppressor gene Cyld in breast cancer has been linked to a poor prognosis. This study investigated the role of Cyld in breast cancer using conditional mutant mouse models carrying a Cyld mutation, which inactivates the deubiquitinating activity of its protein product CYLD in mammary epithelial cells. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined the potential of CYLD inactivation to induce mammary tumors spontaneously or modify the susceptibility of mice to mammary tumorigenesis by DMBA treatment or ErbB2 over-expression. RESULTS: CYLD inactivation significantly increased susceptibility to breast cancer induced by either DMBA treatment or ErbB2 over-expression. Moreover, while CYLD inactivation alone did not lead to spontaneous mammary tumorigenesis, it did contribute to the formation of multifocal hyperplastic lesions in virgin mice of predominantly FVB/NJ background. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates the tumor enhancing potential of CYLD inactivation in mammary tumorigenesis in vivo and establishes novel relevant mouse models that can be exploited for developing prognostic and therapeutic protocols.
INTRODUCTION: Despite the significant gains in the treatment of breast cancer over the last decade, further improvements in survival using traditional chemotherapeutic agents have begun to plateau. Bevacizumab, a monoclonal antibody targeting vascular endothelial growth factor, has provided promise for continued gains in therapy efficacy. AREAS COVERED: The authors review Phase III data concerning the safety of bevacizumab in breast cancer, summarize data on efficacy and discuss the risk:benefit ratio of the drug. The data for this review were obtained by searching in the PubMed database. This review enables the reader to overview current knowledge on the efficacy and safety of bevacizumab in breast cancer. EXPERT OPINION: Insight into complex risk-benefit calculations for bevacizumab is missing. In unselected patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer, the risk of serious side effects of bevacizumab overshadows the benefit of the drug. However, increased response rates and progression-free survival in the majority of Phase III trials suggest that the drug is of benefit in a subgroup of patients. Although requiring close monitoring, most side effects are manageable. Reliable, validated predictive biomarkers are of utmost importance to improve the likelihood of clinical benefit.
Building on recent breakthroughs in the field of microfluidic-based capture of rare cancer cells circulating in the blood, the present article reports on the use of Herceptin functionalized PDMS devices designed to efficiently capture from blood cancer cells, overexpressing the tyrosine kinase human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2). The identification of patients overexpressing HER2 is critical as it typically associates with an aggressive disease course in breast cancer and poor prognosis. Importantly, HER2 positive patients have been found to significantly benefit from Herceptin (Trastuzumab), a humanized monoclonal antibody (MAb) against HER2. Disposable PDMS devices prepared using standard soft lithography were functionalized by the plasma polymerization of an epoxy-containing monomer. The epoxy-rich thin film (AGEpp) thus created could be conjugated with Herceptin either directly or through a polyethylene glycol interlayer. The properties and reactivity toward the monoclonal antibody conjugation of these coatings were determined using x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy; direct conjugation provided a good compromise in reactivity and resistance to biologically nonspecific fouling and was selected. Using the breast cancer cell line SK-BR-3 as a model for cells overexpressing HER2, the immunocapture efficacy of the Herceptin functionalized PDMS was demonstrated in model studies. Validation studies confirmed the ability of the device to efficiently capture ( approximately 80% capture yield) HER2 positive cells from full blood.
Nearly all fatalities arising from breast tumors are attributable to distant metastases. Breast cancer liver metastasis (BCLM) is associated with poor prognoses, with the median survival time being 2 to 3 years. Tumor intrinsic subtype directs preferential metastasis to specific organs, with HER2-enriched tumors demonstrating the highest rates of metastasis to the liver, though all subtypes can grow in the liver. There is no singular established standard-of-care for BCLM; therapeutic selection is driven by histologic and molecular hallmarks of the primary tumor or biopsied metastasis samples. Given the poor prognosis of patients with hepatic spread, pre-clinical studies are necessary to identify and evaluate promising new treatment strategies. It is critical that these laboratory studies accurately recapitulate the BCLM disease process, standard progression, and histological attributes. In this review, we summarize the histologic and molecular characteristics of BCLM, evaluate the efficacy of existing surgical and medical treatment strategies, and discuss future approaches to preclinical study of BCLM.
BACKGROUND: Gastric cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide. Many somatic mutations have been identified based on next-generation sequencing; they likely play a vital role in cancer treatment selection. However, next-generation sequencing has not been widely used to diagnose and treat gastric cancer in the clinic. AIM: To test the mutant gene frequency as a guide for molecular diagnosis and personalized therapy in gastric cancer by use of next-generation sequencing. METHODS: We constructed a panel of 24 mutant genes to detect somatic nucleotide variations and copy number variations based on a next-generation sequencing technique. Our custom panel included high-mutation frequency cancer driver and tumour suppressor genes. Mutated genes were also analyzed using the cBioPortal database. The clinical annotation of important variant mutation sites was evaluated in the ClinVar database. We searched for candidate drugs for targeted therapy and immunotherapy from the OncoKB database. RESULTS: In our study, the top 16 frequently mutated genes were TP53(58%), ERBB2(28%), BRCA2 (23%), NF1 (19%), PIK3CA (14%), ATR (14%), MSH2 (12%), FBXW7 (12%), BMPR1A (12%), ERBB3 (11%), ATM (9%), FGFR2 (8%), MET (8%), PTEN (6%), CHD4 (6%), and KRAS (5%). TP53 is a commonly mutated gene in gastric cancer and has a similar frequency to that in the cBioPortal database. 33 gastric cancer patients (51.6%) with microsatellite stability and eight patients (12.5%) with microsatellite instability-high were investigated. Enrichment analyses demonstrated that high-frequency mutated genes had transmembrane receptor protein kinase activity. We discovered that BRCA2, PIK3CA, and FGFR2 gene mutations represent promising biomarkers in gastric cancer. CONCLUSION: We developed a powerful panel of 24 genes with high frequencies of mutation that could detect common somatic mutations. The observed mutations provide potential targets for the clinical treatment of gastric cancer.
BACKGROUND: Lung cancer is frequently a disease of elderly patients. However, these patients are often treated less actively owing to a higher comorbidity rate and poor performance status. The efficacy of different treatments in elderly patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated lung cancer is still unknown. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the records of our pulmonary adenocarcinoma patients treated between 2010 and 2013. Data on patient age, type of tumor EGFR mutation, response to first-line EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) treatment, type of salvage chemotherapy, and efficacy of EGFR-TKI and salvage chemotherapy were collected. RESULTS: In all, 473 of 1,230 stage IV adenocarcinoma patients had an EGFR mutation, and 330 of them received first-line TKI treatment. Of the 330 patients, 160 were >/=70 years old (elderly group) and 170 were <70 years old (younger group). The response rate and progression-free survival (PFS) with first-line TKI treatment were not significantly different. The elderly group had shorter median survival. A total of 107 patients received salvage chemotherapy after first-line EGFR-TKI treatment: 45 in the elderly group and 62 in the younger group. Their response rate and PFS were not significantly different; however, the younger group had longer median survival. Additional subgroup analysis showed that younger patients who received platinum-based chemotherapy or combination chemotherapy had better median survival than did the elderly patients. The PFS was longer among younger patients receiving a platinum-based regimen than that among the elderly patients. CONCLUSION: Elderly patients with disease progression after first-line EGFR-TKI treatment can receive chemotherapy and have a response rate similar to that of younger patients. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: The aim of the present study was to investigate the efficacy of first-line epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) treatment in elderly patients and the outcomes of subsequent salvage chemotherapy after disease progression. The most important finding was that elderly patients with disease progression after first-line EGFR-TKI treatment can receive salvage chemotherapy and have a response rate similar to that of younger patients who received salvage chemotherapy.
Trastuzumab deruxtecan is an antibody-drug conjugate with high extracranial activity in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer. We conducted the prospective, open-label, single-arm, phase 2 TUXEDO-1 trial. We enrolled patients aged >/=18 years with HER2-positive breast cancer and newly diagnosed untreated brain metastases or brain metastases progressing after previous local therapy, previous exposure to trastuzumab and pertuzumab and no indication for immediate local therapy. Patients received trastuzumab deruxtecan intravenously at the standard dose of 5.4 mg per kg bodyweight once every 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was intracranial response rate measured according to the response assessment in neuro-oncology brain metastases criteria. A Simon two-stage design was used to compare a null hypothesis of <26% response rate against an alternative of 61%. Fifteen patients were enrolled in the intention-to-treat population of patients who received at least one dose of study drug. Two patients (13.3%) had a complete intracranial response, nine (60%) had a partial intracranial response and three (20%) had stable disease as the best intracranial response, with a best overall intracranial response rate of 73.3% (95% confidential interval 48.1-89.1%), thus meeting the predefined primary outcome. No new safety signals were observed and global quality-of-life and cognitive functioning were maintained over the treatment duration. In the TUXEDO-1 trial (NCT04752059, EudraCT 2020-000981-41), trastuzumab deruxtecan showed a high intracranial response rate in patients with active brain metastases from HER2-positive breast cancer and should be considered as a treatment option in this setting.
Alterations to the EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) gene, which primarily occur in the axon 18-21 position, have been linked to a variety of cancers, including ovarian, breast, colon, and lung cancer. The use of TK inhibitors (gefitinib, erlotinib, lapatinib, and afatinib) and monoclonal antibodies (cetuximab, panitumumab, and matuzumab) in the treatment of advanced-stage cancer is very common. These drugs are becoming less effective in EGFR targeted cancer treatment and developing resistance to cancer cell eradication, which sometimes necessitates stopping treatment due to the side effects. One in silico study has been conducted to identify EGFR antagonists using other compounds, databases without providing the toxicity profile, comparative analyses, or morphological cell death pattern. The goal of our study was to identify potential lead compounds, and we identified seven compounds based on the docking score and four compounds that were chosen for our study, utilizing toxicity analysis. Molecular docking, virtual screening, dynamic simulation, and in-vitro screening indicated that these compounds' effects were superior to those of already marketed medication (gefitinib). The four compounds obtained, ZINC96937394, ZINC14611940, ZINC103239230, and ZINC96933670, demonstrated improved binding affinity (-9.9 kcal/mol, -9.6 kcal/mol, -9.5 kcal/mol, and -9.2 kcal/mol, respectively), interaction stability, and a lower toxicity profile. In silico toxicity analysis showed that our compounds have a lower toxicity profile and a higher LD(50) value. At the same time, a selected compound, i.e., ZINC103239230, was revealed to attach to a particular active site and bind more tightly to the protein, as well as show better in-vitro results when compared to our selected gefitinib medication. MTT assay, gene expression analysis (BAX, BCL-2, and beta-catenin), apoptosis analysis, TEM, cell cycle assay, ELISA, and cell migration assays were conducted to perform the cell death analysis of lung cancer and breast cancer, compared to the marketed product. The MTT assay exhibited 80% cell death for 75 microM and 100microM; however, flow cytometry analysis with the IC(50) value demonstrated that the selected compound induced higher apoptosis in MCF-7 (30.8%) than in A549.
Most patients with locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN) undergo definitive therapy, yet locoregional recurrence and metastasis are common. Most patients ultimately require systemic treatment. Platinum/5-fluorouracil (5-FU) has been the standard of care for patients with good performance status (median survival, 6-8 months). Cetuximab, a monoclonal antibody against epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), significantly improved median survival in combination with platinum/5-FU compared with chemotherapy alone, establishing it as a new standard for patients with recurrent or metastatic disease. Cetuximab is also active in platinum-refractory disease. Ongoing trials are exploring other EGFR inhibitors as well as the use of biologic agents in combination (eg, cetuximab + bevacizumab). Predictive biomarkers may help personalize therapy for SCCHN, and it is unclear whether the favorable prognostic effect of p16 or human papillomavirus in locally advanced oropharyngeal cancer is relevant for advanced disease.
Clinical studies in breast cancer suggest important associations between intratumoral hypoxia, the upregulation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR or HER1), hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha (HIF-1alpha), and reduced patient survival. However, direct molecular links between EGFR and the hypoxia signaling system are not yet established. Since the oxygen sensor hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase 2 (PHD2) is considered to be the main HIF-1alpha regulator, we hypothesized that PHD2 and EGFR may be interconnected at the molecular level. By analyzing samples from 313 breast cancer patients, we found that EGFR is a first clinicopathological parameter positively correlating with PHD2. Mechanistically, we identified PHD2 as a direct binding partner of EGFR and show that PHD2 regulates EGFR stability as well as its subsequent signaling in breast carcinoma cells. Overall, we introduce for the first time the direct crosstalk between the oxygen sensor PHD2 and EGFR-mediated tumorigenesis in breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant systemic therapy (NAST) can be used to treat breast cancer. Pathologic complete response (pCR) is a surrogate marker for improved survival. This study examined response in the breast and axilla to NAST and identified features associated with pCR. METHODS: Patients undergoing NAST and surgery between January 2012 and June 2016 by surgeons at Westmead Breast Cancer Institute were identified. Patients with inflammatory or metastatic disease were excluded. Data were analysed to identify factors predictive of pCR. RESULTS: Ninety-one patients were identified. Mean age was 49 years. Forty-one patients had axillary metastases identified prior to NAST. Eighty-three patients received chemotherapy alone, six endocrine therapy alone and two had both. Thirty-seven patients had mastectomy and 54 had breast-conserving surgery. The overall breast pCR rate was 29% higher in patients with triple-negative (50%) or HER2-positive (39%) disease and lower in luminal disease (11.6%, P = 0.001). Forty percent of node-positive patients became node negative. The only variable associated with pCR was tumour biology. Patients with HER2-positive breast cancer were more likely to have axillary pCR than those with luminal cancer (odds ratio: 28, P = 0.00005). CONCLUSION: pCR in either the breast or axilla was most likely to be achieved in patients with HER2-positive or triple-negative breast cancers. In patients with luminal cancers, the goal of NAST is best considered to facilitate surgical options rather than obtaining a pCR.
The selection of patients with HER2-positive breast cancer for treatment with trastuzumab is based on the measurement of HER2 protein expression by immunohistochemistry, or the presence of HER2 gene amplification by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). By using multivariate analyses, we investigate the relationship between quantitative measurements of HER2 expression or HER2:HER2 dimers and objective response (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors), time to progression, and breast cancer survival after trastuzumab treatment in a cohort of patients with metastatic breast cancer who were primarily selected for treatment by FISH. The VeraTag assay, a proximity-based assay designed to quantitate protein expression and dimerization in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue specimens, was used to measure HER2 protein expression and HER2:HER2 dimer levels. In a Cox proportional hazards analysis, higher HER2 expression or HER2:HER2 dimer levels were both correlated with longer survival (P=0.0058 and P=0.016, respectively) after treatment with trastuzumab in a population of patients that were either FISH-positive (90%) or immunohistochemistry 3+ (10%). Patients with higher levels of HER2 expression or HER2:HER2 dimers seemed to derive little benefit from the addition of concomitant chemotherapy to trastuzumab, whereas those with lower levels benefited significantly [interaction test P=0.43 (HER2 expression), P=0.27 (HER2:HER2 dimers)]. These data suggest that more quantitative or functional measurements of HER2 status may facilitate the development of more personalized treatment strategies for patients with metastatic breast cancer.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a highly aggressive subtype of breast cancer with limited treatment options. Epidermal growth factor receptor I (EGFR) has emerged as a promising target in TNBC. Limited success of the EGFR kinase inhibiting small molecules in clinical trials may be attributed in part to inaccuracy in identifying EGFR signatures in patient tumors. In light of the absence of a simple correlation between EGFR expression and its degree of activation, a simple and reliable tool that can quantify EGFR kinase activity in tumor samples may be of therapeutic value in predicting patient-specific EGFR targeted therapies. This study reports the development of an assay that can quantitatively profile EGFR kinase activities and inhibitor sensitivities in TNBC cell lysates by using peptide reporters covalently tethered to magnetic beads in a controlled orientation. The use of magnetic beads provides rapid sample handling and easy product isolation. The potential of this approach was demonstrated by screening a set of five clinically relevant EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Formatted for microwell plates, this magnetic bead-based kinase assay may be used as a complementary approach for direct high-throughput screening of small molecule inhibitors.
BACKGROUND: The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a member of the ErbB family of membrane tyrosine-kinase receptors. Studies exploring the prognostic role of EGFR-overexpression in early breast cancer have shown variable results, and the true prognostic value of EGFR is unknown. METHODS: A systematic review of identified publications exploring the association between EGFR-overexpression (as defined from different techniques and cut-offs) and outcomes [disease-free (DFS) and, overall survival (OS)] in women with early breast cancer. The hazard ratios (HR) for DFS and OS were weighted and pooled in a meta-analysis using generic inverse variance and random effects modeling. RESULTS: Fifty-three studies comprising 21,418 women were included. EGFR-overexpression was found in 27% of the patients. Primary analysis included studies reporting HRs from multivariable analyses (10 studies including 4857 patients with HRs for OS and 17 studies comprising 8747 patients with HRs for DFS), EGFR-overexpression was associated with worse OS (HR 1.98, 95% CI: 1.59-2.47, p<.001) and DFS (HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.30-1.95, p<.001). The influence of EGFR overexpression on DFS was greater in women with triple negative tumors compared to women with non-triple negative tumors (HR 2.35 versus HR 1.45, respectively; p=.01). Analysis looking at odd ratios for both 5-year and 10-year for DFS and OS showed similar results. CONCLUSION: EGFR-overexpression appears to be associated with reduced OS and DFS in women with early breast cancer. Patients with triple negative and EGFR-overexpression have poorer OS and DFS than those with triple negative tumors and normal EGFR expression.
Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) induces the epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) in breast epithelial cells and plays an important role in mammary morphogenesis and breast cancer. In non-transformed breast epithelial cells TGF-beta antagonizes epidermal growth factor (EGF) action and induces growth inhibition. Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) has been reported to participate in lumen formation during morphogenesis of human breast epithelial cells. Our previous work indicated that sensitivity of human breast epithelial cells to TRAIL can be modulated through the activation of the epidermal growth factor receptor-1 (EGFR). Here, we show that TGF-beta opposes EGF-mediated sensitization to TRAIL-induced caspase-8 activation and apoptosis in non-transformed breast epithelial cells. Death-inducing signalling complex (DISC) formation by TRAIL was significantly reduced in cells treated with TGF-beta. TGF-beta treatment activates cytoprotective autophagy and down-regulates TRAIL-R2 expression at the cell surface by promoting the intracellular accumulation of this receptor. Lastly, we demonstrate that EMT is not involved in the inhibitory effect of TGF-beta on apoptosis by TRAIL. Together, the data reveal a fine regulation by EGF and TGF-beta of sensitivity of human breast epithelial cells to TRAIL which may be relevant during morphogenesis.
BACKGROUND: Metastasis of advanced lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) is a key cause of cancer-related death, and angiogenesis is the main feature of tumor growth and metastasis. METHODS: The expression level of F2R like trypsin receptor 1(F2RL1) which encodes protease-activated receptor 2 (PAR2) protein in LUAD tissues was analyzed by bioinformatics. The effects of F2RL1 overexpression/silencing on cell proliferation and sphere-forming were analyzed by Cell Counting Kit-8 and colony formation assays, stem cell sphere-forming assay, and angiogenesis assay, respectively. The F2RL1 mRNA expression level and the PAR2 protein expression level, vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA), and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in lung cancer cell lines were evaluated by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot. The level of VEGFA secreted by lung cancer cells was analyzed by Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The effect of F2RL1-mediated EGFR signaling on angiogenesis was further explored by EGFR inhibitor AG1478. RESULTS: F2RL1 was substantially up-regulated in LUAD tissues and cells, and overexpression of F2RL1 could promote proliferation and stem cell sphere-forming of lung cancer cell lines, as well as formation of blood vessels and branch points of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). Meanwhile, overexpression of F2RL1 significantly upregulated VEGFA expression and promoted EGFR phosphorylation. EGFR inhibitor AG1478 treatment significantly down-regulated pEGFR, and AG1478 treatment reversed the promoting effect of cancer cell cultured medium (oe-F2RL1) on HUVEC angiogenesis. SIGNIFICANCE: In summary, this study revealed the molecular mechanism of PAR2 promoting LUAD angiogenesis by activating EGFR signaling pathway, which further improves our understanding of LUAD angiogenesis, and provides a potential therapeutic strategy for LUAD treatment.
The KIT, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and HER-2 oncoproteins have tyrosine kinase activity and are molecular targets in human cancer therapy. To clarify the significance of KIT, EGFR, and HER-2 in undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma (UTC), the expression of these receptors and tyrosine phosphorylation was examined immunohistochemically in resected cases of UTC and papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC). KIT, EGFR, and HER-2 were also examined at the protein and mRNA levels in five UTC cell lines. KIT expression (1+), EGFR overexpression (2+/3+), HER-2 expression (1+), and tyrosine phosphorylation were detected immunohistochemically in 40%, 70%, 10%, and 50% of the 10 UTC. In 20 PTC, KIT, EGFR, and HER-2 were not detected, but tyrosine phosphorylation was detected in 25% of cases. In the five UTC cell lines, KIT expression (1+), EGFR overexpression (3+), HER-2 expression (1+), and tyrosine phosphorylation were detected immunocytochemically in 60%, 100%, 20%, and 40%, respectively. Western blot analysis did not detect KIT expression, but did detect EGFR and HER-2 expression in all five cell lines. Real-time polymerase chain reaction detected KIT mRNA in two of the cell lines (40%), EGFR in five (100%), and HER-2 in three (60%). The present findings suggest that EGFR overexpression was involved in the proliferation and development of UTC and was frequently accompanied by tyrosine phosphorylation. Expression of KIT and HER-2 appeared to be weak but significant, suggesting a possible role in the development of UTC. Molecular therapies targeting KIT, EGFR, HER-2, and/or tyrosine phosphorylation might be indicated for UTC.
One of the most exciting concepts being explored in cancer research today is the idea of cancer stem cells. Evidence for the existence of such cells was first proposed for haematological malignancies and, more recently, for solid tumors, including breast, brain, colon and pancreatic cancer. The cancer stem cell hypothesis states that a minority of transformed stem cells, or progenitors with acquired self-renewal properties, are the source of tumor cell renewal and thereby determine the behaviour of tumors, including proliferation, spreading and response to chemo- and radiotherapy. Indeed, just as somatic stem cells may be resistant to the induction of apoptosis by cytotoxic agents and radiation therapy, cancer stem cells may display increased resistance to these agents as compared with the more differentiated cells that comprise the mass of tumors. More specifically, the reactivation of varied developmental signalling cascades (epidermal growth factor (EGF)/EGFR, stem cell factor (SCF)/KIT, sonic hedgehog, Notch, and/or Wnt/beta-catenin) combined with the increased DNA repair mechanisms and ABC transporter-mediated drug efflux in cancer stem cells may be responsible for their resistance to conventional therapies. Furthermore, changes in the local microenvironment of cancer stem cells may also influence their behaviour. Thus, the molecular targeting of such highly tumorigenic cancer cells must be considered for improving the efficacy of the current anti-cancer strategies with the aim to sensitize tumors toward conventional therapies and effectively abrogate tumorigenesis. This review provides a summary of some developments in the field of cancer stem cell targeting and highlights aspects where it could be of help in the drug discovery process.
BACKGROUND: Calcium channel blocker (CCB) is a common antihypertensive agent for the treatment of hypertension. There are inconsistent data of an association of CCB and lung cancer in the literature. This study aimed to evaluate this association by a case-control design. METHODS: The inclusion criteria were adult patients 18 years or over, diagnosed with hypertension, lung cancer or pulmonary tuberculosis, and presenting with one of the suggestive symptoms of lung cancer. Those who were pregnant or had a diagnosis of lung cancer or pulmonary tuberculosis prior to the diagnosis of hypertension were excluded. Diagnosis of lung cancer was made pathologically, while tuberculosis was made by positive acid-fast bacilli on sputum examination, sputum culture positive for Mycobacterium tuberculosis, or polymerase chain reaction positive for M. tuberculosis with a chest x-ray compatible with tuberculosis. Cases were those diagnosed with lung cancer, while controls were those diagnosed with tuberculosis. Factors associated with lung cancer were calculated by logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: There were 178 patients who met the study criteria. Of those, 69 patients (38.8%) were in the case group. The lung cancer group had EGFR gene mutation in 21 patients (52.5%) and adenocarcinoma was the most common cell type of lung cancer (55 patients; 79.7%). There were two factors independently associated with lung cancer including dyslipidemia and family history of lung cancer. CONCLUSIONS: CCB was not associated with lung cancer in patients with hypertension but dyslipidemia and family history of lung cancer were independently associated with lung cancer in this setting.
The NATALEE study showed a significant benefit in invasive disease-free survival (iDFS) for patients with HR+/HER2- early breast cancer (eBC) at intermediate and high risk of recurrence who were treated with the CDK4/6 inhibitor Ribociclib in combination with endocrine therapy (ET). This retrospective study aims to apply the NATALEE inclusion criteria to a representative real-world cohort to estimate the proportion of HR+/HER2- breast cancer patients eligible for adjuvant Ribociclib therapy. Patients who underwent full surgical treatment for eBC between January 2018 and December 2020 at two large German university breast cancer centers (University of Ulm, University of Tuebingen) were included. Descriptive statistics were used to characterize the patient population eligible for Ribociclib treatment based on the NATALEE study's inclusion criteria. Out of 2384 enrolled patients, 1738 had HR+/HER2- eBC, of whom 43% (747/1738) met the NATALEE inclusion criteria. Of note, these patients were older, received less chemotherapy and presented with less advanced tumor stages compared to the NATALEE study cohort. Additionally, compared to the NATALEE study cohort, fewer patients had lymph node involvement (72.4% vs. 88.7%). Our analysis suggests that approximately 43% of all HR+/HER2- breast cancer patients will qualify for Ribociclib treatment. Given the numerous treatment options for patients with HR+/HER2- eBC, as well as the differences between the NATALEE cohort and patients in the real-world clinical setting, future analyses will be needed to determine which patients would benefit most from adjuvant CDK4/6 inhibitor treatment.
BACKGROUND: After multiple lines of therapies, no guideline or consensus is currently available for the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of a novel re-subtyping and treatment strategy based on ctDNA alterations. METHODS: This observational, multicentre study recruited 223 patients with metastatic breast cancer intending to receive late-line therapy from Dec 1, 2016, to June 31, 2019. This study took place in Hunan Cancer Hospital, the Forth Hospital of Changsha and Zhuzhou Central Hospital in China. ctDNA alterations were assessed by next-generation sequencing (NGS). Patients with druggable ctDNA alterations were treated with corresponding targeted drugs which are clinically available. Other patients received physician-chosen treatment. This study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT05079074. FINDINGS: The progression-free survival (hazard ratio: 0.45, 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.33-0.62, P < 0.0001) and disease control rate (89.4% vs. 65.9%, P < 0.0001) were significantly improved in patients who received druggable ctDNA alteration-guided therapy compared with those of patients who received physician-chosen treatment. ctDNA alterations with top rank and high clustering scores were classified into four subtypes based on their functions as follows: 1) extracellular function (ECF), 2) cell proliferation (CP), 3) nuclear function (NF), and 4) cascade signaling pathway (CSP). A significant benefit from ctDNA alteration-guided treatment was observed in patients with NF and CSP ctDNA alterations, with hazard ratios of 0.39 (95% CI: 0.24-0.65, P = 0.0003) and 0.14 (95% CI: 0.04-0.46, P < 0.0001), respectively. INTERPRETATION: After multiline traditional pathological HR/HER2 subtype-guided therapies, ctDNA testing could identify druggable ctDNA alterations to guide late-line therapy for patients with metastatic breast cancer. FUNDING: This work was supported by Key Grants of Research and Development in Hunan Province (2018SK2124, 2018SK2120), Natural Science Foundation of Hunan (2019JJ50360), Hunan Provincial Health Commission Project (B2019085, B2019089 and C2019070), and Changsha Science and Technology Project (kq2004125 and kq2004137).
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer during pregnancy (PrBC) is a rare condition known for its aggressive clinical behavior. The presence of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) has been shown to have a significant impact on the prognosis of these patients. Despite some biological characteristics of the tumor that may differ depending on the gestational age, little is known about the dynamics of the immune landscape within the tumor microenvironment (TME) in PrBC. Therefore, in this study, our objective was to gain comprehensive insights into the relationship between gestational age at breast cancer diagnosis and the composition of the TME. METHODS: n = 108 PrBC were selected from our institutional registry and categorized based on the gestational age by trimester. For all cases, TILs were profiled according to the International TILs Working Group recommendations, and subtyped by CD4, CD8, and forkhead box P3 (FOXP3) immunohistochemistry. PD-L1 was tested according to the combined positive score (CPS) using the IHC 22C3 pharmDx assay, with a cutoff value of >/=10 for positivity. The statistical approach encompassed Fisher's and Chi-squared tests, with appropriate adjustments for multiple comparisons, logistic regression models, and survival analyses based on the Kaplan-Meier method. RESULTS: The proportion of patients with poorly differentiated (G3) neoplasms increased as the gestational age advanced (first trimester, n = 25, 56.8%; second trimester, n = 27, 69.2%; third trimester, n = 21, 87.5%; p = 0.03). The histologic subtypes as well as the hormone receptor (HR) and HER2 status did not show significant changes across different pregnancy trimesters. In the HR+/HER2- subtype, there was a higher proportion of tumors with high/moderate TILs in the early phases of pregnancy, similar to FOXP3 expression (TILs: first trimester, n = 10, 35.7%; second trimester, n = 2, 10.5%; third trimester, n = 0; p = 0.02; FOXP3: first trimester, n = 10, 40%; second trimester, n = 3, 15.8%; third trimester, n = 0; p = 0.03). The median follow-up for our cohort was 81 months. Patients who relapsed after a breast cancer diagnosis during the first trimester were more frequently PD-L1-negative, unlike those with no disease recurrence (n = 9, 100% vs. n = 9, 56.3%; p = 0.03; hormone therapy and n = 9, 100% vs. n = 7, 53.9%; p = 0.02; chemotherapy). No statistically significant differences were seen among the three trimesters in terms of survival outcome. CONCLUSION: The TME dynamics of HR+/HER2- PrBC vary based on gestational age, suggesting that immune tolerance expression during later gestational age could explain the increased aggressiveness of tumors diagnosed at that stage.
Alterations of c-erbB-2 (neu or HER-2) proto-oncogene have been associated with carcinogenesis and poor prognosis of breast cancer. A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) at codon 655 resulting in a G to A transition (Ile655Val) in the transmembrane domain-coding region of this gene has been associated with an increased risk of breast cancer. This study aims to determine the prevalence of the HER-2 genotype and its association with breast cancer in the Greek Christian and Greek Muslim population of Thrace, Greece. In this case-control study, we genotyped 56 patients (43 Christians and 13 Muslims) with primary breast cancer and 45 healthy women (32 Christians and 13 Muslims) for the Ile655Val polymorphism, with the PCR-RFLP method. The Val allele and the Val-containing genotypes were significantly more frequent in Muslims than in Christians (p=0.020 and p=0.008, respectively). Among the Greek Christian population, a 5-fold and a 3.1-fold increase in risk of breast cancer was associated with the Val-Val genotype and the Ile-Val or Val-Val genotypes (95% CI, 1.3-18.4; p=0.017 and aOR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.2-8.3; p=0.025; respectively) compared to homozygous Ile-Ile. No significant association was found in the Muslim population. Among the entire cohort, the Val allele confers a modest increase in breast cancer risk (OR, 2.6; 95% CI, 0.9-7.6; p=0.076, for Val-Val and OR, 2.2; 95% CI, 0.9-5.2; p=0.079 for Ile-Val or Val-Val). This effect was even more pronounced in younger women. Among breast cancer patients, invasive carcinomas, low differentiation tumors, advanced stages, positive lymph nodes, high number of lymph nodes and HER-2 overexpression were more frequent in patients with allele Val than those with allele Ile. Our study proposes the allelic imbalance of Ile655Val polymorphism between Greek Christian and Greek Muslim populations of Thrace contributes to the inconsistent association between this SNP and breast cancer risk across these two different ethnic groups. The association of the HER-2 genotype with clinicopathologic characteristics and HER-2 expression may indicate its possible implication on the more aggressive phenotype.
INTRODUCTION: The prevalence of pregnancy-associated breast cancer is increasing. HER2-positive breast cancers typically have a poor prognosis. The objective of our study was to compare the prognosis of patients with HER2-positive breast cancer diagnosed during pregnancy (HER2-positive BCP) to young women diagnosed with HER2-positive breast cancer outside of pregnancy (HER2 non-BCP). METHODS: Data of patients managed for invasive breast carcinoma between January 2005 and 2020 were retrospectively collected from the database of Tenon University Hospital (Paris, France), part of the "Cancer lie a la Grossesse" network. RESULTS: Fifty-one patients with HER2-positive BCP were matched on age at diagnosis with 51 HER2-positive non-BCP patients. Locally advanced disease with axillary lymph node involvement were frequent. Tumors were frequently aggressive with high grade (p = 0.57) and high Ki67 (p = 0.15). Among the HER2-positive BCP patients, the mean term at diagnosis was 19.3 week of gestation (WG). Eighty-four percent of the patients continued their pregnancy with a mean term at delivery of 34.2WG. Chemotherapy modalities differed between the two groups: neoadjuvant chemotherapy was more frequent in the HER2-positive BCP group (p = 0.03) and adjuvant chemotherapy more frequent in the HER2 non-BCP group (p = 0.009). The recurrence rate was 10% (n = 5) and 18% (n = 9) in the HER2-positive BCP and HER2 non-BCP groups, respectively, p = 0.25. Breast cancer-free survival was poorer in the HER2-positive BCP group with earlier recurrence, p = 0.008. No difference in type of recurrence was found between the groups (p = 0.58). CONCLUSION: This matched case-control study implies that patients with HER2-positive BCP still have a poorer prognosis than non-pregnant HER-positive patients.
Novel molecular targets and promising targeted therapies have reshaped diagnostics in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Despite this progress, the implementation of molecular screening to identify predictive biomarkers in Indian clinical and pathology settings has been challenging due to operational and logistical constraints. This consensus guideline brings together medical oncologists, molecular pathologists and pathologists from India to provide a quick and competent reference for biomarker testing in NSCLC. The guideline summarizes the importance of targetable mutations in NSCLC such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), rearrangements in anaplastic lymphoma kinase and receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by ROS-1 gene, overexpression of programmed cell death ligand-1 and resistant EGFR mutations. It reaffirms recommendations from international working groups, discusses vulnerable pre-analytical procedures and provides a balanced review on the pros and cons of different diagnostic tests (immunohistochemistry, fluorescence in situ hybridization, polymerase chain reaction-based testing and next-generation sequencing). The document also provides an algorithm to aid diagnostic decision-making and a checklist to assess the quality of testing laboratories that will help the medical oncologists make an informed choice. Overall, these recommendations are based on evidence and clinical experience and will aid policymakers, oncologists, health care practitioners and pathologists who strive to implement molecular strategies and make informed decisions for improved care in NSCLC in India.Funding: AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited.
Our aims for this study were to investigate the relationship between diffusion weighted image (DWI) parameters of brain metastases (BMs) and biological markers of breast cancer, and moreover, to assess whether DWI parameters accurately predict patient outcomes. DWI data for 34 patients with BMs from breast cancer were retrospectively reviewed. Apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) histogram parameters were calculated from all measurable BMs. Two region of interest (ROI) methods are used for the analysis: from the largest BM or from all measurable BMs per one patient. ADC histogram parameters were compared between positive and negative groups depending on ER/PR and HER2 statuses. Overall survival analysis after BM (OSBM) and BM-specific progression-free survival (BMPFS) was analyzed with ADC parameters. Regardless of ROI methods, 25th percentile of ADC histogram was significantly lower in the ER/PR-positive group than in the ER/PR-negative group (P < 0.05). Using ROIs from all measurable BMs, Peak location, 50th percentile, 75th percentile, and mean value of ADC histogram were also significantly lower in the ER/PR-positive group than in the ER/PR-negative group (P < 0.05). However, there was no significant difference between HER2-postive and negative group. On univariate analysis, using ROIs from all measurable BMs, lower 25th percentile, 50th percentile and mean of ADC were significant predictors for poor BMPFS. ADC histogram analysis may have a prognostic value over ER/PR status as well as BMPFS.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed malignancy in women and the major cause of death because of its invasion, metastasis, and resistance to therapies capabilities. The most aggressive subtype of breast cancer is triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) due to invasive and metastatic properties along with early age of diagnosis and poor prognosis. TNBC tumors do not express estrogen, progesterone, and HER2 receptors, which limits their treatment with targeted therapies. Cancer invasiveness and metastasis are known to be promoted by increased cell motility and upregulation of the WAVE proteins. While the contribution of WAVE2 to cancer progression is well documented, the WAVE2-mediated regulation of TNBC oncogenic properties is still under investigated, as does the molecular mechanisms by which WAVE2 regulates such oncogenic pathways. In this study, we show that WAVE2 plays a significant role in TNBC development, progression, and metastasis, through the regulation of miR-29 expression, which in turn targets Integrin-beta1 (ITGB1) and its downstream oncogenic activities. Conversely, we found WAVE2 expression to be regulated by miR-29 in a negative regulatory feedback loop. Reexpression of exogenous WAVE2 in the WAVE2-deficient TNBC cells resulted in reactivation of ITGB1 expression and activity, further confirming the specificity of WAVE2 in regulating Integrin-beta1. Together, our data identify a novel WAVE2/miR-29/ITGB1 signaling axis, which is essential for the regulation of the invasion-metastasis cascade in TNBC. Our findings offer new therapeutic strategies for the treatment of TNBC by targeting WAVE2 and/or its downstream effectors. SIGNIFICANCE: Identification of a novel WAVE2/miR-29/ITGB1 signaling axis may provide new insights on how WAVE2 regulates the invasion-metastasis cascade of TNBC tumors through the modulation of ITGB1 and miR-29.
Diarrhoea is a common, debilitating and potentially life threatening toxicity of many cancer therapies. While the mechanisms of diarrhoea induced by traditional chemotherapy have been the focus of much research, the mechanism(s) of diarrhoea induced by small molecule ErbB TKI, have received relatively little attention. Given the increasing use of small molecule ErbB TKIs, identifying this mechanism is key to optimal cancer care. This paper critically reviews the literature and forms a hypothesis that diarrhoea induced by small molecule ErbB TKIs is driven by intestinal chloride secretion based on the negative regulation of chloride secretion by ErbB receptors being disrupted by tyrosine kinase inhibition.
BACKGROUND: Leptomeningeal metastasis (LM) is associated with poor prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of osimertinib combined with bevacizumab for LM from epidermal growth factor receptor mutation (EGFRm) NSCLC. METHODS: We conducted a phase II single-arm prospective clinical trial of EGFRm NSCLC with LM treated with osimertinib combined with bevacizumab. LM response assessment was based on the modified RANO LM radiological criteria; CNS and extra-CNS response was evaluated according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. The primary end points included LM progression-free survival (PFS) and objective response rate (ORR); the secondary end points included safety and LM overall survival (OS). RESULTS: A total of 14 patients were included in the study, with a median age of 61 years, and they were predominantly female (64%). EGFR mutations were reported in exons 19 del (n = 7) and 21 L858R (n = 7). When LM was diagnosed, 12 (85.7%) patients had clinical symptoms, 71.4% (10/14) of patients were diagnosed with LM by cytology, and five (35.7%) patients had a performance status (PS) score > 2. The median LM PFS was 9.3 months (95% CI: 8.2-10.4), and the LM ORR was 50%. The safety findings in the present study were consistent with the known profile of osimertinib with bevacizumab; the median LM OS was 12.6 months, and the one-year survival rate was 35.7%. CONCLUSIONS: Osimertinib combined with bevacizumab is an appropriate treatment option for patients with LM from EGFRm NSCLC. KEY POINTS: SIGNIFICANT FINDINGS OF THE STUDY: To date, there is no prospective clinical study on the treatment of osimertinib combined with bevacizumab in EGFRm NSCLC with LM. WHAT THIS STUDY ADDS: The median LM PFS was 9.3 months (95% CI: 8.2-10.4), and the LM ORR was 50%, the median LM OS was 12.6 months, and the one-year survival rate was 35.7%. Osimertinib combined with bevacizumab is an appropriate treatment option for patients with LM from EGFRm NSCLC.
Proteolysis targeting chimeras (PROTACs) technology is rapidly developed as a novel and selective medicinal strategy for the degradation of cellular proteins in cancer therapy. However, the applications of PROTACs as heterobifunctional molecules are largely limited by high molecular weight, low bioavailability, poor permeability, insufficient targeting, and low efficacy in vivo. Herein, self-assembling micelles of FA-PEG-PROTAC are designed for cancer cell selective targeting and reductive-response proteolysis in tumor-bearing mice. FA-PEG-PROTAC is prepared by conjugating folic acid (FA)-PEG with EGFR-targeting PROTAC via a disulfide bond. The FA-PEG-PROTAC micelles, formed by self-assembling, are demonstrated to significantly improve tumor targeting efficacy and exhibit excellent anti-tumor efficacy in the mouse xenograft model compared to the traditional PROTACs. The strategy of applying self-assembled FA-PEG-PROTAC micelles in tumor therapy can not only improve targeted proteolysis efficiency but also broaden applications in the development of PROTAC-based drugs.
Metastatic breast cancer (mBC) is an incurable disease, and it is not sensitive to immunotherapy due to its low immunogenicity. Recently, inactivated DNA polymerase epsilon (POLE) mutations have been found to be associated with high tumor mutational burden (TMB), which is an effective immuno-oncology biomarker. Patients with POLE mutations with different types of cancer have properly responded to immunotherapy. We aimed to report the first case of programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1)-negative mBC presenting with high TMB and POLE mutations, in which a complete response to 5 cycles of chemotherapy and 1 year of pembrolizumab and trastuzumab was noted after failing several lines of HER2-targeted therapies. Our findings also suggest that biomarker-driven patient selection is highly significant for further clinical development of combination therapies via anti-HER2 plus immune-checkpoint inhibitors for HER2+ BC patients.
Apatinib, an oral small molecular receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) developed first in China, exerts antiangiogenic and antineoplastic function through selectively binding and inhibiting vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR-2). In this study, we aimed to explore the efficacy and safety profile of apatinib monotherapy, or combined with chemotherapy or endothelial growth factor receptor (EGFR)-TKI in heavily pretreated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with brain metastases. We performed a retrospective analysis for relapsed NSCLC patients with brain metastases from our institute, who received apatinib (250 mg or 500 mg p.o. qd) monotherapy, or combination with EGFR-TKI or chemotherapy as second or more line systemic therapy until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity occurred. The objective response rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), median progression-free survival (mPFS), median overall survival (mOS), and safety were analyzed. A total of 26 eligible patients were included: 24 patients diagnosed with adenocarcinoma, 2 with squamous carcinoma, and 14 patients harboring EGFR sensitizing mutations. The mPFS and mOS were 4.93 (range, 0.27-32.91; 95% CI 3.64-6.22) and 14.70 (range, 0.27-32.91; 95% CI 0.27-43.60) months for the whole group. The ORR and DCR were 7.7% (2/26) and 69.2% (18/26) for the entire lesions, and 7.7% (2/26) and 79.6% (20/26) for brain metastases, respectively. Compared with patients who received apatinib monotherapy, patients who received apatinib combination treatment had more favorable mPFS (11.77 vs. 2.27 months, p < 0.05) and mOS (24.03 vs. 6.07 months, p < 0.05). Treatment-related toxicities were tolerable including grade 1/2 hypertension, hand-and-foot syndrome, fatigue, nausea, liver dysfunction, myelosuppression, skin rash, and palpitation. In conclusion, apatinib exhibited high activity and good tolerance for NSCLC patients with brain metastasis, and it might become a potential choice for metastatic brain tumors in NSCLC patients.
This paper summarizes the practical impact of the College of American Pathologists, the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer, and the Association for Molecular Pathology lung cancer biomarkers guidelines on the lung cancer approach in Canada, providing possible practical solutions for other similar health care systems in which scientific reality needs to be constantly balanced against economic reality.
With the improvement in cancer prognosis due to advances in antitumor therapeutic protocols and new targeted and immunotherapies, we are witnessing a growing increase in survival, however, at the same timeincrease in morbidity among cancer survivors as a consequences of the increased cardiovascular adverse effects of antineoplastic drugs. Common cardiovascular complications of antineoplastic therapies may include cardiac complications such as arrhythmias, myocardial ischemia, left ventricular dysfunction culminating in heart failure as well as vascular complications including arterial hypertension, thromboembolic events, and accelerated atherosclerosis. The toxicity results from the fact that these drugs not only target cancer cells but also affect normal cells within the cardiovascular system. In this article, we review the clinical features and main mechanisms implicated in antineoplastic drug-induced cardiovascular toxicity, including oxidative stress, inflammation, immunothrombosis and growth factors-induced signaling pathways.
BACKGROUND: The RxPONDER trial reported no benefit to chemotherapy among postmenopausal patients with HR(+)/HER2(-) tumors, one to three positive nodes, and low recurrence scores, questioning the role of axillary staging in this population. Here, we evaluate the impact of sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) results on adjuvant therapy decisions in postmenopausal women with HR(+)/HER2(-) breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Postmenopausal women with cT1-2N0, HR(+)/HER2(-) breast cancer treated with lumpectomy and SLNB from 2012 to 2018 were identified. Receipt of nodal irradiation, indication for axillary lymph node dissection (ALND) and chemotherapy, and partial breast irradiation (PBI) eligibility were reviewed with pre- and post-SLNB results. RESULTS: A total of 1786 women were identified: median age 62 years, 84% with pT1 tumors, and 16% with pT2-3 tumors. Of those, 85% (n = 1525) remained pN0, 14% (n = 244) were pN1, and 1% (n = 17) were pN2-3. A total of 20 (1%) patients had > 2 positive SLNs, necessitating ALND. Pre-SLNB, 1478 women were considered PBI eligible; post-SLNB, 227 (13%) converted to PBI ineligible. In total, 58 patients with positive nodes received nodal irradiation, representing 3% of the entire cohort and 22% of pN+ patients. Overall, 1401 patients had an Oncotype DX recurrence score available, including 1273 patients with pN0 stage and 128 with pN1, with 173 (14%) and 16 (13%), respectively, having a recurrence score > 25, warranting chemotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: While few cN0 postmenopausal women with HR(+)/HER2(-) tumors had nodal pathology that warranted ALND, receipt of nodal irradiation, or indicated need for chemotherapy, in 13%, SLNB would have an impact on consideration for PBI. Among patients eligible for PBI, findings from SLNB may help refine selection among postmenopausal women with this tumor profile.
A series of 20 novel gefitinib derivatives incorporating the 1,2,3-triazole moiety were designed and synthesized. The synthesized compounds were evaluated for their potential anticancer activity against EGFR wild-type human non-small cell lung cancer cells (NCI-H1299, A549) and human lung adenocarcinoma cells (NCI-H1437) as non-small cell lung cancer. In comparison to gefitinib, Initial biological assessments revealed that several compounds exhibited potent anti-proliferative activity against these cancer cell lines. Notably, compounds 7a and 7j demonstrated the most pronounced effects, with an IC(50) value of 3.94 +/- 0.17 micromol L(-1) (NCI-H1299), 3.16 +/- 0.11 micromol L(-1) (A549), and 1.83 +/- 0.13 micromol L(-1) (NCI-H1437) for 7a, and an IC(50) value of 3.84 +/- 0.22 micromol L(-1) (NCI-H1299), 3.86 +/- 0.38 micromol L(-1) (A549), and 1.69 +/- 0.25 micromol L(-1) (NCI-H1437) for 7j. These two compounds could inhibit the colony formation and migration ability of H1299 cells, and induce apoptosis in H1299 cells. Acute toxicity experiments on mice demonstrated that compound 7a exhibited low toxicity in mice. Based on these results, it is proposed that 7a and 7j could potentially be developed as novel drugs for the treatment of lung cancer.
INTRODUCTION: Rearrangements of RET are rare oncogenic events in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). While the characterization of Asian patients suggests a predominance of nonsmokers of young age in this genetically defined lung cancer subgroup, little is known about the characteristics of non-Asian patients. We present the results of an analysis of a European cohort of patients with RET rearranged NSCLC. METHODS: Nine hundred ninety-seven patients with KRAS/EGFR/ALK wildtype lung adenocarcinomas were analyzed using fluorescence in situ hybridization for RET fusions. Tumor specimens were molecularly profiled and clinicopathological characteristics of the patients were collected. RESULTS: Rearrangements of RET were identified in 22 patients, with a prevalence of 2.2% in the KRAS/EGFR/ALK wildtype subgroup. Co-occurring genetic aberrations were detected in 10 patients, and the majority had mutations in TP53. The median age at diagnosis was 62 years (range, 39-80 years; mean +/- SD, 61 +/- 11.7 years) with a higher proportion of men (59% versus 41%). There was only a slight predominance of nonsmokers (54.5%) compared to current or former smokers (45.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with RET rearranged adenocarcinomas represent a rare and heterogeneous NSCLC subgroup. In some contrast to published data, we see a high prevalence of current and former smokers in our white RET cohort. The significance of co-occurring aberrations, so far, is unclear.
BACKGROUND: Non-cancer drugs are currently being repurposed for cancer treatment. Mounting evidence highlights the influence of calcium channels on tumorigenesis and progression. Hence, inhibition of calcium signaling may be a promising cancer treatment strategy. OBJECTIVE: In this study, we aimed to examine whether calcium channel blockers (CCBs) affect the efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective analysis. METHODS: In this study, conducted between January 2009 and June 2021, patients with NSCLC treated with erlotinib, or gefitinib for at least 1 week were enrolled and divided into 2 groups: CCBs-/EGFR-TKIs+ and CCBs+/EGFR-TKIs+, depending on whether they received CCB therapy. Progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were determined as the primary and secondary endpoints, respectively. RESULT: : The estimated median PFS and OS for the CCBs-/EGFR-TKIs+group were 7.70 and 12.17 months, respectively, and they were significantly different from those of the CCBs+/EGFR-TKIs+ group (10.43 and 18.07 months, respectively). CCB use was associated with improved PFS (adjusted hazard ratios [HR] 0.77, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.61-0.98; P = .035) and OS (adjusted HR 0.66, 95% CI: 0.51-0.84; P < .001). CONCLUSION: Calcium channels have been implicated in cancer pathogenesis. Our findings revealed the potential additive anticancer effects of CCBs when used concomitantly with EGFR-TKIs. However, study limitations, including the retrospective nature and small number of patients, necessitate large-scale prospective studies on the therapeutic potential of CCB as an adjunctive therapy with EGFR-TKIs in patients with NSCLC.
OBJECTIVES: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with brain metastases (BM) is a challenging clinical issue with poor prognosis. No data exist regarding extensive genetic analysis of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and its correlation to associated tumor compartments. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We designed a study across multiple NSCLC patients with matched material from four compartments; primary tumor, BM, plasma and CSF. We performed enrichment-based targeted next-generation sequencing analysis of ctDNA and exosomal RNA in CSF and plasma and compared the outcome with the solid tumor compartments. RESULTS: An average of 105 million reads per sample was generated with fractions of mapped reads exceeding 99% in all samples and with a mean coverage above 10,000x. We observed a high degree of overlap in variants between primary lung tumor and BM. Variants specific for the BM/CSF compartment included in-frame deletions in AR, FGF10 and TSC1 and missense mutations in HNF1a, CD79B, BCL2, MYC, TSC2, TET2, NRG1, MSH3, NOTCH3, VHL and EGFR. CONCLUSION: Our approach of combining ctDNA and exosomal RNA analyses in CSF presents a potential surrogate for BM biopsy. The specific variants that were only observed in the CNS compartments could serve as targets for individually tailored therapies in NSCLC patients with BM.
OBJECTIVE: The incidence of breast cancer in females is gradually increasing. Expression of HER-2 gene and protein is critical for predicting the prognosis of breast cancer. This study examined amplification of HER-2 gene and protein expression in breast cancer patients to analyze their correlation with clinical and pathological features. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Specimens of breast gland tissues were collected from breast cancer patients for measuring HER-2 protein expression by immunohistochemistry (IHC) method. Fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) measured HER-2 gene amplification. The consistency of HER-2 protein and gene expression was analyzed in addition to their correlation with clinical and pathological features of patients. RESULTS: Thirty-six percent patients showed negative expression of HER-2 protein, and 9%, 32%, and 23% of them had positive expression to different levels (+, ++, and +++). Forty percent patients were positive for HER-2 gene amplification, including 3, 21, and 14 cases of (+), (++), and (+++) patients. Expression of HER-2 protein was highly correlated with HER-2 gene amplification (r = 1.262; p < 0.05). Both parameters were correlated with tumor size, differentiation grade, lymph node metastasis, and TNM stage (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Combined assay of IHC and FISH for detecting HER-2 protein or gene amplification in breast cancer tissues showed their correlation with tumor size, differentiation grade, lymph node metastasis, and TNM stage.
Tumor-associated antigens (TAA) or cancer biomarkers are major targets for cancer therapies. Antibody- based agents targeting the cancer biomarkers include monoclonal antibodies (MoAbs), radiolabeled MoAbs, bispecific T cell engagers, and antibody-drug conjugates. Antibodies targeting CD19, CD20, CD22, CD30, CD33, CD38, CD79B and SLAMF7 are in clinical applications for hematological malignancies. CD123, CLL-1, B cell maturation antigen, and CD138 are targets for cancer immunotherapeutic agents, including the chimeric antigen receptor - engineered T cells. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) against PD-1, PD-L1, and CTLA-4 have led to the revolution of cancer immunotherapy. More ICIs targeting IDO, LAG3, TIM-3, TIGIT, SIGLECs, VISTA and CD47 are being explored. Small molecule inhibitors (SMIs) against tyrosine kinase oncoproteins such as BCR-ABL, JAK2, Bruton tyrosine kinase, FLT3, EGFR, ALK, HER2, VEGFR, FGFR, MEK, and MET have fundamentally changed the landscape of cancer therapy. SMIs against BCL-2, IDHs, BRAF, PI3 kinase, mTOR, PARP, and CDKs have become the mainstay in the treatment of a variety of cancer types. To reduce and avoid off-tumor toxicities, cancer-specific TAAs such as CD33 are being manufactured through systems biology approach. Search for novel biomarkers and new designs as well as delivery methods of targeted agents are fueling the next wave of advances in cancer therapy.
INTRODUCTION: Increasing evidence suggests that de-escalation of axillary surgery is safe, without significantly impacting patient outcome. Obtaining positive lymph nodes at a sentinel lymph node biopsy (SNB) can guide decisions toward the requirement of axillary nodal clearance (ANC). However, methods to predict how many further nodes will be positive are not available. This study investigates the feasibility of predicting the likelihood of a negative ANC based on the ratio between positive nodes and the total number of lymph nodes excised at SNB. METHODS: Retrospective data from January 2017 to March 2022 was collected from electronic medical records. Patients with oestrogen receptor (ER) positive and HER2 negative receptor disease were included in the study. ER-negative and HER2-positive disease was excluded, alongside patients who had chemotherapy before ANC. RESULTS: Of 102 patients, 58.8% (n=60) had no macrometastasis at ANC. On average, 2.76 lymph nodes were removed at SNB. A higher SNB ratio of positive to total nodes [OR 11.09 (CI 95% 2.33-52.72), P=0.002] had a significant association with positive nodes during ANC. SNB ratio less than or equal to 0.33 (1/3) had a specificity of 79.2% in identifying cases that later had a negative completion ANC, with a 95.8% specificity of no further upgrade of nodal staging. CONCLUSION: A low SNB ratio of less than 0.33 (1/3) has a high specificity in excluding the upgradation of nodal staging on completion of ANC, with a false-negative rate of less than 5%. This may be used to identify patients with a low risk of axillary metastasis, who can avoid ANC.
Small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are important agents in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and have enhanced activity in the subpopulation of patients with NSCLC who harbor somatic activating mutations of the EGFR gene. This review summarizes the data describing the use of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors in a genotype-directed population of NSCLC patients with EGFR mutations and discusses areas that require further study.
Breast cancer resistance to the monoclonal erbB2/HER2 antibody trastuzumab (or herceptin) has become a significant obstacle in clinical targeted therapy of HER2-positive breast cancer. Previous research demonstrated that such drug resistance may be related to dysregulation of miRNA expression. Here, we found that knockdown of the long non-coding RNA, urothelial cancer associated 1 (UCA1), can promote the sensitivity of human breast cancer cells to trastuzumab. Mechanistically, UCA1 knockdown upregulated miR-18a and promoted miR-18a repression of Yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1). A luciferase reporter assay confirmed the association of miR-18a with wild-type UCA1 but not with UCA1 mutated at the predicted miR-18a-binding site. The direct targeting of YAP1 by miR-18a was verified by the observation that miR-18a mimic suppressed luciferase expression from a construct containing the YAP1 3' untranslated region. Meanwhile, reciprocal repression of UCA1 and miR-18a were found to be Argonaute 2-dependent. Knockdown of YAP1 recapitulated the effect of UCA1 silencing by reducing the viability of trastuzumab-treated breast cancer cells, whereas inhibition of miR-18a abrogated UCA1 knockdown-induced improvement of trastuzumab sensitivity in breast cancer cells. These findings demonstrate that the UCA1/miR-18a/YAP1 axis plays an important role in regulating the sensitivity of breast cancer cells to trastuzumab, which has implications for the development of novel approaches to improving breast cancer responses to targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND: In the present study, Selenium Nanoparticles (SeNPs) were prepared using Bacillus coagulans, which is a type of Lactic Acid Bacteria (LAB), and then they were applied to treat breast cancer cells. METHODS: The chemicophysical properties of the bioengineered SeNPs were investigated by Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM), Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscopy (FE-SEM), zeta potential, dynamic light scattering, Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FT-IR), energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) and X-ray diffraction analysis (XRD). The cytotoxic potential of SeNPs was evaluated by MTT assay against MCF-7 breast cancer cell line. The expression levels of apoptotic genes including BAX, BCL2, VEGF, ERBB2, CASP3, CASP9, CCNE1, CCND1, MMP2 and MMP9 were determined by real-time PCR. The rate of apoptosis and necrosis of the cancer cells as well as the results of the cell cycle were evaluated by flow cytometry method. RESULTS: The synthesized SeNPs had an average particle size of about 24-40 nm and a zeta potential of -16.1 mV, indicating the high stability of SeNPs. EDX results showed presence of SeNPs because amount of selenium in SeNPs was 86.6 % by weight. The cytotoxicity results showed a concentration-dependent effect against MCF-7 cells. The half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC(50)) values of B. coagulans supernatant and SeNPs against breast cancer cells were 389.7 microg/mL and 17.56 microg/mL, respectively. In addition, SeNPs synthesized by the green process exhibited enhanced apoptotic potential in MCF-7 cancer cells compared with bacterial supernatants. Cancer cells treated with IC(50) concentration of SeNPs induced 32 % apoptosis compared to untreated cells (3 % apoptosis). The gene expression levels of BAX, CASP3, and CASP9 were upregulated, while the expression levels of BCL2, CCNE1, CCND1, MMP2, MMP9, VEGF, and ERBB2 were downregulated after SeNPs treatment of cells. The potential of SeNPs to induce cell apoptosis was demonstrated by the increase in the expression level of BAX gene and the decrease in the expression level of BCL2 after treatment of cancer cells with SeNPs. CONCLUSION: The obtained results indicated that SeNPs had strong potential to induce significant cell apoptosis and are cytotoxic against the MCF-7 cancer cell line.
BACKGROUND: As the immune-related response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (irRECIST) by imaging greatly underestimated the objective response to immunotherapy, we established the response evaluation criteria in solid tumors based on tumor markers (RecistTM) to explore whether RecistTM can compensate for the deficiencies of the irRECIST criteria. METHODS: This was an observational study, which consisted of two parts. The first part (Group A) was a retrospective study including the patients with malignant solid tumors. The second part (Group B) was a prospective study, which were EGFR-negative and ALK-negative patients with stage IIIB-IV non-small cell lung cancer receiving first-line treatment. From January 2017 to September 2020, one hundred and ten patients with a three-time increase in tumor markers receiving immunotherapy were recruited. The treatment response to immunotherapy was evaluated by irRECIST and RecistTM. Efficacy, overall survival (OS), first evaluation time and earliest response time under the different evaluation criteria were compared by statistics. FINDINGS: The treatment response evaluated by the RecistTM criteria was not consistent with that evaluated by the irRECIST criteria (Kappa = 0.386, p < 0.001). RecistTM had a higher completed response (CR) rate compared to irRECIST criteria (20.9% vs 1.8%, p < 0.001). The earliest response time under the RecistTM criteria was 3.42 weeks earlier than that under the irRECIST criteria (u = -5.233, p < 0.001). There were significant differences in median OS between tumor marker-related complete response (tmCR) and tumor marker-related partial response (tmPR), as well as between tmPR and tumor marker-related stable disease (tmSD) (chi(2) = 15.572, p < 0.001; chi(2) = 7.720, p = 0.005), but not between tmSD and tumor marker-related progressive disease (tmPD) (chi(2) = 1.596, p = 0.206). When applying both criteria together, for patients with immune-related CR / immune-related PR (irCR/irPR) (n = 54) under irRECIST criteria, there was a significant difference in median OS between achieving tmCR (n = 22) and tmPR (n = 32) (chi(2) = 14.011, p < 0.001). RecistTM criteria can predict 1-year and 2-year OS more accurately than irRECIST criteria (AUCs:0.862 vs 0.552, 0.649 vs 0.521, respectively;both p < 0.001). In RecistTM, 4 patients had been observed with pseudoprogression in tumor markers. INTERPRETATION: The RecistTM criteria could effectively distinguish CR, PR, and SD, which may help resolve the shortcomings of the RECIST criteria in evaluating the treatment response to immunotherapy, especially in assessing whether patients can achieve deep or even complete response as soon as possible. FUNDING: This work was supported by the Key projects of Chongqing Health and Family Planning Commission (to Xueqin Yang, 2019ZDXM011).
Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) airway infection and bronchial blood vessel proliferation are features of bronchiectasis. Because vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-A regulates angiogenesis, we hypothesised that PA infection induces VEGF synthesis in epithelium and peribronchial angiogenesis. Because epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activation regulates VEGF synthesis in cancer, we also evaluated the roles of EGFR. Airway epithelial cells were incubated for 24 h with PA supernatants and VEGF concentrations were measured in culture medium by ELISA. C57BL/6N mice were instilled intratracheally with sterile agarose beads or with agarose beads coated with the PA strain PAO1 (mean +/- sem 6 x 10(5) +/- 3 x 10(5) cfu . animal(-1)), with or without the EGFR inhibitor AG1478 (12.5 mg . kg(-1) . day(-1) intraperitoneally). Epithelial immunostaining for VEGF and phosphorylated EGFR, and peribronchial vascularity, were quantified using morphometric analysis. VEGF expression was further assessed by western blot in mouse lung homogenates. PA supernatants induced dose-dependent VEGF synthesis in cultured airway epithelial cells, effects which were prevented by EGFR antagonists. In mice, persistent PAO1 infection increased immunostaining for VEGF and phosphorylated EGFR in airway epithelium, and resulted in increased peribronchial vascularity within 7 days. These effects were reduced by EGFR inhibition. Persistent PA infection induced VEGF synthesis in airway epithelium and peribronchial angiogenesis, at least in part via EGFR-dependent mechanisms.
BACKGROUND: Despite extensive molecular epidemiological studies, the prevalence and characteristics of Mouse Mammary Tumor Virus-Like Virus (MMTV-LV) in Chinese women breast cancer are still unclear. Besides, the prevalence of MMTV-LV in women breast cancer tissue varies in different countries and its dependent factors remain inconclusive. METHODS: In the first part of the study, a case-control study was performed. 119 breast cancer samples (84 from Northern China and 35 from Southern China) and 50 breast fibroadenoma specimens were collected from Chinese women patients. MMTV-like env sequence and the homology to MMTV env gene were analysed by semi-nested polymerase chain reaction (PCR). We also explored the association of MMTV-LV prevalence with sample sources (Southern and Northern China) and patients' clinicopathological characteristics. To investigate the dependent factors of the prevalence of MMTV-LV in breast cancer worldwide, a meta-analysis was conducted in the second part of the study. RESULTS: We found that the prevalence of MMTV-LV was much higher in breast cancer tissues (17.65%) than that in breast fibroadenoma specimens (4.00%) (P < 0.05). MMTV-LV prevalence in Chinese women breast cancer tissues was significantly different between Southern China (5.71%) and Northern China (22.62%) (P < 0.05). The prevalence of MMTV-LV also associates significantly with expression of HER2, but shows no significant correlation with other parameters. In the meta-analysis, we found that MMTV-LV prevalence in breast cancer tissue was dependent on the distribution of M. domesticus mouse (M. d), M. musculus mouse (M.m) and M.castaneus mouse (M.c) worldwide (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The distribution of house mice may be a crucial environmental factor that explains the geographic differences in human breast cancer incidence. Our findings may provide a potential avenue of prevention, diagnosis and treatment for breast cancer.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are standard-of-care first-line (1L) treatment for EGFR mutation-positive advanced/metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. In 2015, osimertinib, a third-generation EGFR-TKI, received US accelerated approval for second-line (2L) EGFR T790M-positive non-small cell lung cancer treatment. The objective of this US study was to characterize treatment patterns, attrition, and survival in EGFR mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer, after 1L first-/second-generation EGFR-TKI treatment. METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed 1029 patients diagnosed with stage IIIB/IV non-small cell lung cancer from 1 January, 2011 to 31 December, 2018 using the US electronic medical record CancerLinQ Discovery((R)) database. Demographic/disease characteristics, EGFR mutations, treatments, and death dates were collected. RESULTS: From 1 January, 2011 to 31 December, 2014 (< 2015 cohort), 519 patients received 1L EGFR-TKIs and 510 between 1 January, 2015 and 31 December, 2018 (>/= 2015 cohort). Median follow-up from advanced diagnosis was 19.8 months (interquartile range: 9.9-33.4 months). Twenty-eight percent of patients (288/1029) died without receiving 2L, and 52% (539/1029) initiated 2L with 35% (186/539) receiving osimertinib; in the < 2015 and >/= 2015 cohorts, the same proportion initiated 2L (52%; 272/519 vs 267/510, respectively). Median overall survival from advanced diagnosis for patients initially diagnosed with stage I-IIIA disease was 43.3 months (95% confidence interval 30.9-73.7), vs 26.4 months (95% confidence interval 24.4-28.1) for stage IIIB-IV; all-cause mortality hazard ratio: 1.56 (95% confidence interval 1.2-2.0; p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We identified disease stage, performance status, and central nervous system metastasis as survival predictors, highlighting the importance of optimal 1L treatment selection. Over a quarter of patients died before initiating 2L; half progressed after 1L and received 2L, of whom a third received 2L osimertinib.
PURPOSE: This open-label, multicenter, phase IB/II study evaluated sapanisertib, a dual inhibitor of mTOR kinase complexes 1/2, plus exemestane or fulvestrant in postmenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive (HR(+))/HER2-negative (HER2(-)) advanced/metastatic breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Eligible patients had previously progressed on everolimus with exemestane/fulvestrant and received </=3 (phase IB) or </=1 (phase II) prior chemotherapy regimens. Patients received sapanisertib 3 to 5 mg every day (phase IB), or 4 mg every day (phase II) with exemestane 25 mg every day or fulvestrant 500 mg monthly in 28-day cycles. Phase II enrolled parallel cohorts based on prior response to everolimus. The primary objective of phase II was to evaluate antitumor activity by clinical benefit rate at 16 weeks (CBR-16). RESULTS: Overall, 118 patients enrolled in phase IB (n = 24) and II (n = 94). Five patients in phase IB experienced dose-limiting toxicities, at sapanisertib doses of 5 mg every day (n = 4) and 4 mg every day (n = 1); sapanisertib 4 mg every day was the MTD in combination with exemestane or fulvestrant. In phase II, in everolimus-sensitive versus everolimus-resistant cohorts, CBR-16 was 45% versus 23%, and overall response rate was 8% versus 2%, respectively. The most common adverse events were nausea (52%), fatigue (47%), diarrhea (37%), and hyperglycemia (33%); rash occurred in 17% of patients. Molecular analysis suggested positive association between AKT1 mutation status and best treatment response (complete + partial response; P = 0.0262). CONCLUSIONS: Sapanisertib plus exemestane or fulvestrant was well tolerated and exhibited clinical benefit in postmenopausal women with pretreated everolimus-sensitive or everolimus-resistant breast cancer.
The PI3K pathway is genetically altered in excess of 70% of breast cancers, largely through PIK3CA mutation and HER2 amplification. Preclinical studies have suggested that these subsets of breast cancers are particularly sensitive to PI3K inhibitors; however, the reasons for this heightened sensitivity are mainly unknown. We investigated the signaling effects of PI3K inhibition in PIK3CA mutant and HER2 amplified breast cancers using PI3K inhibitors currently in clinical trials. Unexpectedly, we found that in PIK3CA mutant and HER2 amplified breast cancers sensitive to PI3K inhibitors, PI3K inhibition led to a rapid suppression of Rac1/p21-activated kinase (PAK)/protein kinase C-RAF (C-RAF)/ protein kinase MEK (MEK)/ERK signaling that did not involve RAS. Furthermore, PI3K inhibition led to an ERK-dependent up-regulation of the proapoptotic protein, BIM, followed by induction of apoptosis. Expression of a constitutively active form of Rac1 in these breast cancer models blocked PI3Ki-induced down-regulation of ERK phosphorylation, apoptosis, and mitigated PI3K inhibitor sensitivity in vivo. In contrast, protein kinase AKT inhibitors failed to block MEK/ERK signaling, did not up-regulate BIM, and failed to induce apoptosis. Finally, we identified phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate-dependent Rac exchanger 1 (P-Rex1) as the PI(3,4,5)P3-dependent guanine exchange factor for Rac1 responsible for regulation of the Rac1/C-RAF/MEK/ERK pathway in these cells. The expression level of P-Rex1 correlates with sensitivity to PI3K inhibitors in these breast cancer cell lines. Thus, PI3K inhibitors have enhanced activity in PIK3CA mutant and HER2 amplified breast cancers in which PI3K inhibition down-regulates both the AKT and Rac1/ERK pathways. In addition, P-Rex1 may serve as a biomarker to predict response to single-agent PI3K inhibitors within this subset of breast cancers.
BACKGROUND: There are various treatments for estrogen-positive breast cancer, mainly hormone therapy and molecular-targeted drugs. Acquiring resistance to these drugs is a major clinical problem. Additionally, little is known about the effect of drug resistance on the DNA repair mechanism. Poly ADP ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitors currently used for treating HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with BRCA mutations have been shown to be effective in BRCA-deficient cells with impaired homologous recombination repair. Here, we investigated the effect of drug resistance acquisition on the DNA repair mechanism and the effect of PARP inhibitors on ER (estrogen receptor) -positive breast cancer. METHODS: We investigated changes in the expression of DNA repair mechanism-related factors and repair ability of double-strand breaks (DSB) in various drug-resistant cell lines established in our laboratory. Additionally, PARP inhibitor susceptibility was investigated using olaparib. RESULTS: DSB repairs in MCF-7 and hormone therapy-resistant model cells were normal, and these cells demonstrated low sensitivity to olaparib. The resistant cell lines against CDK4/6 inhibitors, fulvestrant and mTOR/PI3K inhibitors showed decreased DSB repair ability and high olaparib sensitivity. They showed low sensitivity to CDK4/6 inhibitors, a close link between acquiring resistance to CDK4/6 inhibitors and hypersensitivity to olaparib. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests some cases of acquiring drug resistance impairs DSB repair ability and sensitizes ER-positive breast cancer to PARP inhibitors.
Clinical trials have shown the efficacy of trastuzumab-based adjuvant therapy in HER2-positive breast cancers, but routine clinical use awaits evaluation of compliance, safety, and effectiveness. Adjuvant trastuzumab-based therapy in routine clinical use was evaluated in the retrospective study GHEA, recording 1,002 patients treated according to the HERA protocol between March 2005 and December 2009 in 42 Italian oncology departments; 874 (87.23 %) patients completed 1-year trastuzumab treatment. In 128 patients (12.77 %), trastuzumab was withdrawn due to cardiac or non-cardiac toxicity (28 and 29 patients, respectively), disease progression (5 patients) or the clinician's decision (66 patients). In addition, 156 patients experienced minor non-cardiac toxicities; 10 and 44 patients showed CHF and decreased LVEF, respectively, at the end of treatment. Compliance and safety of adjuvant trastuzumab-based therapy in Italian hospitals were high and close to those reported in the HERA trial. With a median follow-up of 32 months, 107 breast cancer relapses were recorded (overall frequency, 10.67 %), and lymph node involvement, estrogen receptor negativity, lymphoid infiltration, and vascular invasion were identified as independent prognostic factors for tumor recurrence, indicating that relapses were associated with advanced tumor stage. Analysis of site and frequency of distant metastases showed that bone metastases were significantly more frequent during or immediately after trastuzumab (<18 months from the start of treatment) compared to recurrences in bone after the end of treatment and wash-out of the drug (>18 months from the start of treatment) (35.89 vs. 14.28 %, p = 0.0240); no significant differences were observed in recurrences in the other recorded body sites, raising the possibility that the protection exerted by trastuzumab is lower in bone metastases.
BACKGROUND: Surgery is the standard treatment for patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, postoperative recurrence leads to a poor prognosis of patients. Currently, there is no effective prognostic biomarker and perioperative treatment for patients with stage I NSCLC. METHODS: One hundred thirty stage I NSCLC patients who had surgical resection were enrolled, including 69 patients who had recurrence within three years and 61 patients who had no recurrence (follow up more than five years). Whole exome sequencing was performed to evaluate gene mutation, copy number variation, and tumor mutation burden (TMB). Immunohistochemistry was carried out to assess the expression of PD-L1 and the level of CD3+ and CD8+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). Tumor mutation score (TMS) was constructed with the recurrence-associated genes identified by Lasso regression. Immunoscore (IS) was built based on the location and density of CD3+ and CD8+ TILs. Logistic regression was performed to build a prediction model. Seventy percent of patients were included in the training cohort and 30% patients in the testing cohort. P<0.05 was considered to be statistically significant. RESULTS: Univariate analysis showed that lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD), MUC4 mutation, and high TMB were related to early recurrence (P=0.008, 0.0008, and <0.0001, respectively). CD3+ and CD8+ TILs within tumor center and invasive margin significantly negatively correlated with recurrence. EGFR mutation and PD-L1 expression had no association with recurrence. Early recurrence group had significantly higher TMS and lower IS (P<0.0001 and P=0.0003, respectively). Multivariate analysis showed that high TMS and low IS were independent predictors for early recurrence (P<0.0001 and P=0.001, respectively). Integrating TMS and IS, we built a recurrence-model with great discrimination and calibration in the training cohort (AUC =0.935; HL test, P=0.2885) and testing cohort (AUC =0.932; HL test, P=0.5515). CONCLUSIONS: High TMS and low IS were both poor prognostic factors for recurrence in stage I NSCLC. The integrated recurrence-model helps identify patients with high recurrence risk, which provides evidence for future research about perioperative treatment.
The protein tyrosine phosphatase PTP1B, which is encoded by PTPN1, is a ubiquitously expressed nonreceptor protein tyrosine phosphatase. PTP1B has long been known to negatively regulate insulin and leptin receptor signalling. Recently, it was reported to be aberrantly expressed in cancer cells and to function as an important oncogene. In this study, we found that PTP1B protein levels are dramatically increased in breast cancer (BC) tissues and that PTP1B promotes the proliferation, and suppresses the apoptosis, of both HER2-positive and triple-negative BC cell lines. Bioinformatics analysis identified that the miRNA, miR-193a-3p, might potentially target PTP1B. We demonstrate that miR-193a-3p regulates PTP1B in BC cells and that it regulates the proliferation and apoptosis of BC cells by targeting PTP1B, both in vitro and in vivo. In conclusion, this study confirms that PTP1B acts as an oncogene in BC and demonstrates that miR-193a-3p can serve as a tumour suppressor gene in BC by targeting PTP1B.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is one of the most important and attractive targets for specific anticancer therapies. It is a robust regulator of pathways involved in cancer pathogenesis and progression. Thus far, clinical trials have demonstrated the benefits of monoclonal antibodies and synthetic tyrosine kinase inhibitors in targeting this receptor; however, novel strategies are still being developed. This article reviews the current state of efforts in targeting the EGFR in cancer therapy. Following a brief characterization of EGFR, we will present a complete list of anti-EGFR agents that are already approved, and available in clinical practice. Aside from the indications, we will present the sales forecasts and expiry dates of product patents for the selected agents. Finally, we discuss the novel anti-EGFR strategies that are currently in preclinical development.
BACKGROUND: Corona Virus Disease 19 (COVID-19) had a worldwide negative impact on healthcare systems, which were not used to coping with such pandemic. Adaptation strategies prioritizing COVID-19 patients included triage of patients and reduction or re-allocation of other services. The aim of our survey was to provide a real time international snapshot of modifications of breast cancer management during the COVID-19 pandemic. METHODS: A survey was developed by a multidisciplinary group on behalf of European Breast Cancer Research Association of Surgical Trialists and distributed via breast cancer societies. One reply per breast unit was requested. RESULTS: In ten days, 377 breast centres from 41 countries completed the questionnaire. RT-PCR testing for SARS-CoV-2 prior to treatment was reported by 44.8% of the institutions. The estimated time interval between diagnosis and treatment initiation increased for about 20% of institutions. Indications for primary systemic therapy were modified in 56% (211/377), with upfront surgery increasing from 39.8% to 50.7% (p < 0.002) and from 33.7% to 42.2% (p < 0.016) in T1cN0 triple-negative and ER-negative/HER2-positive cases, respectively. Sixty-seven percent considered that chemotherapy increases risks for developing COVID-19 complications. Fifty-one percent of the responders reported modifications in chemotherapy protocols. Gene-expression profile used to evaluate the need for adjuvant chemotherapy increased in 18.8%. In luminal-A tumours, a large majority (68%) recommended endocrine treatment to postpone surgery. Postoperative radiation therapy was postponed in 20% of the cases. CONCLUSIONS: Breast cancer management was considerably modified during the COVID-19 pandemic. Our data provide a base to investigate whether these changes impact oncologic outcomes.
Excess production of the proinflammatory IL6 has both local and systemic tumor-promoting activity in many cancers, including ovarian cancer. However, treatment of advanced ovarian cancer patients with a neutralizing IL6 antibody yielded little efficacy in a previous phase II clinical trial. Here, we report results that may explain this outcome, based on the finding that neutralizing antibodies to IL6 and STAT3 inhibition are sufficient to upregulate the EGFR pathway in high-grade serous and other ovarian cancer cells. Cell treatment with the EGFR inhibitor gefitinib abolished upregulation of the EGFR pathway. Combining neutralizing IL6 antibodies and gefitinib inhibited malignant cell growth in 2D and 3D culture. We found that ErbB-1 was localized predominantly in the nucleus of ovarian cancer cells examined, contrasting with plasma membrane localization in lung cancer cells. Treatment with anti-IL6, gefitinib, or their combination all led to partial restoration of ErbB-1 on the plasma membrane. In vivo experiments confirmed the effects of IL6 inhibition on the EGFR pathway and the enhanced activity of a combination of anti-IL6 antibodies and gefitinib on malignant cell growth. Taken together, our results offer a preclinical rationale to combine anti-IL6 and gefitinib to treat patients with advanced stage ovarian cancer.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether intratumoral heterogeneity, assessed via dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) and diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), reflects the molecular subtypes of invasive breast cancers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated data from 248 consecutive women (mean age +/- standard deviation, 54.6 +/- 12.2 years) with invasive breast cancer who underwent preoperative DCE-MRI and DWI between 2019 and 2020. To evaluate intratumoral heterogeneity, kinetic heterogeneity (a measure of heterogeneity in the proportions of tumor pixels with delayed washout, plateau, and persistent components within a tumor) was assessed with DCE-MRI using a commercially available computer-aided diagnosis system. Apparent diffusion coefficients (ADCs) were obtained using a region-of-interest technique, and ADC heterogeneity was calculated using the following formula: (ADC(max)-ADC(min))/ADC(mean). Possible associations between imaging-based heterogeneity values and breast cancer subtypes were analyzed. RESULTS: Of the 248 invasive breast cancers, 61 (24.6%) were classified as luminal A, 130 (52.4%) as luminal B, 25 (10.1%) as HER2-enriched, and 32 (12.9%) as triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). There were significant differences in the kinetic and ADC heterogeneity values among tumor subtypes (p < 0.001 and p = 0.023, respectively). The TNBC showed higher kinetic and ADC heterogeneity values, whereas the HER2-enriched subtype showed higher kinetic heterogeneity values compared to the luminal subtypes. Multivariate linear analysis showed that the HER2-enriched (p < 0.001) and TNBC subtypes (p < 0.001) were significantly associated with higher kinetic heterogeneity values. The TNBC subtype (p = 0.042) was also significantly associated with higher ADC heterogeneity values. CONCLUSIONS: Quantitative assessments of heterogeneity in enhancement kinetics and ADC values may provide biological clues regarding the molecular subtypes of breast cancer. KEY POINTS: * Higher kinetic heterogeneity was associated with HER2-enriched and triple-negative breast cancer. * Higher ADC heterogeneity was associated with triple-negative breast cancer. * Aggressive breast cancer subtypes exhibited higher intratumoral heterogeneity based on MRI.
The case reported is a young "light" ex-smoker who initially had a localized adenosquamous carcinoma bearing an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) sensitizing mutation. He first recurred six months after initial treatment within the brain with a pure squamous histology and the same EGFR mutation. Surgical resection and radiation rendered him disease-free. Subsequent isolated recurrence within the lung eighteen months later was a pure adenocarcinoma, again with the same identified EGFR mutation. These histologic changes (from adenosquamous to pure squamous to pure adenocarcinoma) have been described but not before in the absence of any selection pressure with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. This case points out the histologic "flexibility" of EGFR mutant lung cancers and the importance for appropriate molecular testing in nonsmokers with lung cancer of any histologic type.
The central nervous system is a common site of metastatic spread from neoplasms in distant organs, including breast, bone, and lung. The decision to surgically treat these metastatic lesions is often challenging, especially in the setting of systemic disease or when eloquent brain regions are involved. Treating metastatic disease in the brainstem can be technically difficult, and in many institutions, considered a contraindication to surgical intervention, given the relatively high risk of new postoperative neurological deficits. Herein, we report a case of metastatic ductal carcinoma of the breast with spread to the pontine-medullary junction that was treated with aggressive surgical resection and chronic hormonal therapy. After surgical excision of the brainstem lesion, the patient remained asymptomatic and was maintained on trastuzumab therapy over a 10-year follow-up period, with no radiographic or clinical evidence of recurrent disease. To our knowledge, this is the first report of a patient treated for a solitary metastasis to the brainstem with long-term survival.
An accelerated de novo lipogenesis (DNL) flux is a common characteristic of cancer cells required to sustain a high proliferation rate. The DNL enzyme fatty acid synthase (FASN) is overexpressed in many cancers and is pivotal for the increased production of fatty acids. There is increasing evidences of the involvement of FASN in several hallmarks of cancer linked to its ability to promote cell proliferation via membranes biosynthesis. In this review we discuss about the implication of FASN in the resistance to cell death and in the deregulation of cellular energetics by increasing nucleic acids, protein and lipid synthesis. FASN also promotes cell proliferation, cell invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis by enabling the building of lipid rafts and consequently to the localization of oncogenic receptors such as HER2 and c-Met in membrane microdomains. Finally, FASN is involved in immune escape by repressing the activation of pro-inflammatory cells and promoting the recruitment of M2 macrophages and T regulatory cells in the tumor microenvironment. Here, we provide an overview of the involvement of the pro-oncogenic enzyme in the hallmarks of cancer making FASN a promising target in anti-cancer therapy to circumvent resistance to chemotherapies.
Lung cancer is currently the most deadly malignancy in industrialized countries and accounts for 18% of all cancer-related deaths worldwide. Over 70% of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are diagnosed at a late stage, with a 5-year survival below 10%. KRAS and the EGFR are frequently mutated in NSCLC and while targeted therapies for patients with EGFR mutations exist, oncogenic KRAS is thus far not druggable. KRAS activates multiple signalling pathways, including the PI3K/Akt pathway, the Raf-Mek-Erk pathway and the RalGDS/Ral pathway. Lung-specific expression of BrafV600E, the most prevalent BRAF mutation found in human tumors, results in Raf-Mek-Erk pathway activation and in the formation of benign adenomas that undergo widespread senescence in a Cre-activated Braf mouse model (Braf(CA)). However, oncogenic KRAS expression in mice induces adenocarcinomas, suggesting additional KRAS-activated pathways cooperate with sustained RAF-MEK-ERK signalling to bypass the oncogene-induced senescence proliferation arrest. To determine which KRAS effectors were responsible for tumor progression, we created four effector domain mutants (S35, G37, E38 and C40) in G12V-activated KRAS and expressed these alone or with BrafV600E in mouse lungs... The S35 and E38 mutants bind to Raf proteins but not PI3K or RalGDS; the G37 mutant binds to RalGDS and not Raf or PI3K and the C40 mutant is specific to PI3K. We designed lentiviral vectors to code for Cre recombinase along with KRAS mutants (V12, V12/S35, V12/G37, V12/E38 or V12/C40) or EGFP as a negative control.. These lentiviruses were used to infect Braf(CA) and wild-type mice. Surprisingly there was a significant decrease in tumor number and penetrance with each KRAS effector domain mutant relative to controls, suggesting that KRAS directly activates effectors with tumor suppressive functions.
The chemokine CXCL1 is elevated in plasma and ascites from patients with ovarian cancer. We have previously shown that CXCL1 is a marker of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase signalling in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cell lines, a pathway that is commonly activated in ovarian tumours. To investigate whether CXCL1 also has functional significance in ovarian cancer, this chemokine was either down-regulated using siRNAs or overexpressed by transfection of CXCL1 into the EOC cell lines SKOV3 and OVCAR-3 and proliferation assessed over 7 days. Overexpression of CXCL1 increased proliferation of ovarian cancer cells over 7 days, while down-regulation was inhibitory. Treatment of cells with recombinant CXCL1 induced epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) phosphorylation at Y1068, indicating crosstalk between the CXCL1 G-protein-coupled receptor CXCR2 and the EGFR. CXCL1-induced proliferation was also decreased by inhibition of EGFR kinase activity and was dependent on extracellular matrix metalloproteinase-mediated release of heparin-binding EGF (HB-EGF). Involvement of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) signalling was also evident since inhibition of both Ras and MEK activity decreased CXCL1-induced proliferation. CXCL1-induced ERK1/2 phosphorylation was inhibited by the MEK1 inhibitor PD98059; however, EGFR phosphorylation was unaffected, indicating that CXCL1 activation of MAPK signalling is downstream of the EGFR. Taken together, these data show that CXCL1 functions through CXCR2 to transactivate the EGFR by proteolytic cleavage of HB-EGF, leading to activation of MAPK signalling and increased proliferation of EOC cells.
BACKGROUND: There are various treatments for estrogen-positive breast cancer, mainly hormone therapy and molecular-targeted drugs. Acquiring resistance to these drugs is a major clinical problem. Additionally, little is known about the effect of drug resistance on the DNA repair mechanism. Poly ADP ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitors currently used for treating HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with BRCA mutations have been shown to be effective in BRCA-deficient cells with impaired homologous recombination repair. Here, we investigated the effect of drug resistance acquisition on the DNA repair mechanism and the effect of PARP inhibitors on ER (estrogen receptor) -positive breast cancer. METHODS: We investigated changes in the expression of DNA repair mechanism-related factors and repair ability of double-strand breaks (DSB) in various drug-resistant cell lines established in our laboratory. Additionally, PARP inhibitor susceptibility was investigated using olaparib. RESULTS: DSB repairs in MCF-7 and hormone therapy-resistant model cells were normal, and these cells demonstrated low sensitivity to olaparib. The resistant cell lines against CDK4/6 inhibitors, fulvestrant and mTOR/PI3K inhibitors showed decreased DSB repair ability and high olaparib sensitivity. They showed low sensitivity to CDK4/6 inhibitors, a close link between acquiring resistance to CDK4/6 inhibitors and hypersensitivity to olaparib. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests some cases of acquiring drug resistance impairs DSB repair ability and sensitizes ER-positive breast cancer to PARP inhibitors.
BACKGROUND: Trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1) exhibited enhanced antitumor activity when combined with docetaxel or pertuzumab in preclinical studies. This phase Ib/IIa study assessed the feasibility of T-DM1 + docetaxel in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC) and T-DM1 + docetaxel +/- pertuzumab in patients with HER2-positive locally advanced breast cancer (LABC). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Phase Ib (part 1) explored dose escalation, with T-DM1 + docetaxel administered for greater than or equal to six cycles in patients with MBC. Phase Ib (part 2) began with the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) identified in part 1. Patients with LABC were administered less than or equal to six cycles of T-DM1 + docetaxel or T-DM1 + docetaxel + pertuzumab. Phase IIa explored the MTDs identified in phase Ib. RESULTS: Administered with T-DM1 (3.6 mg/kg), the docetaxel MTD was 60 mg/m(2) in MBC. In LABC, the MTD was 100 mg/m(2) docetaxel in combination with T-DM1 (3.6 mg/kg), given with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF). Administered with T-DM1 (3.6 mg/kg) + pertuzumab (840 mg, cycle 1; 420 mg, subsequent cycles), the docetaxel MTD in LABC was 75 mg/m(2) with G-CSF support. Neutropenia was the most common grade 3-4 adverse event (AE; MBC, 72% and LABC, 29%). In total, 48% (12/25) of MBC patients and 47% (34/73) of LABC patients experienced AEs requiring dose modification. In MBC (median prior systemic agents = 5), the objective response rate was 80.0% (20/25; 95% confidence interval [CI] 59.3-93.2) and the median progression-free survival was 13.8 months (range, 1.6-33.5). The pathologic complete response (ypT0/is, ypN0) rate in LABC was 60.3% (44/73; 95% CI 48.1-71.5). Pharmacokinetic analyses indicated a low risk of drug-drug interaction between T-DM1 and docetaxel. CONCLUSIONS: T-DM1 combined with docetaxel +/- pertuzumab appeared efficacious in MBC or LABC; however, nearly half of patients experienced AEs requiring dose reductions with these T-DM1 combinations. CLINICALTRIALSGOV IDENTIFIER: NCT00934856.
BACKGROUND: Programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression is a well-established biomarker for predicting responses to immune checkpoint inhibitors and certain targeted therapies. As a result, treatment strategies for patients vary based on their PD-L1 expression status. Understanding the clinical features of patients with distinct PD-L1 levels is crucial for personalized treatment approaches. METHODS: Demographic and clinicopathological characteristics of 227 patients (54% male, mean age 67 +/- 9.9 years) newly diagnosed with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) between April 2020 and December 2022 were retrospectively compared among three groups based on the PD-L1 expression: PD-L1 Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) negative, 1-50%, and >/=50%. Logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate predictors for high PD-L1 expression >/=50%. RESULTS: PD-L1 expression levels were distributed as follows: negative in 29% of patients, between 1% and 50% in 41%, and greater than 50% (high) in 29%. In comparison to negative PD-L1 expression, low and high PD-L1 expression was associated with female sex (32.9% vs. 52.7% vs. 50.7%, p = 0.031), with the absence of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations (83.6% vs. 91.1% vs. 98.1% p = 0.029), and with the absence of ERBB2 (HER2) tyrosine kinase mutations (90.9% vs. 100% vs. 98.1% p = 0.007), respectively. Age, smoking status, histological subtype, and disease stage showed no significant differences among the three patient groups. In the univariate logistic regression, EGFR mutation appeared to be the only predictor for PD-L1 expression, although it did not reach statistical significance (p = 0.06). CONCLUSION: Although sex and genomic alterations are associated with PD-L1 expression in patients with NSCLC, no clinical characteristics seem to predict PD-L1 expression significantly.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is one of the most common malignancies worldwide and remains incurable after metastasis, with a 3-year overall survival rate of <40%. CASE PRESENTATION: A 40-year-old, Caucasian patient with a grade-3 estrogen receptor-, progesterone receptor-, Her2-positive breast tumor and two lung nodules was treated with intramuscular targeted immunotherapy with trastuzumab and oral tamoxifen hormone therapy, together with customized intra-tumoral oncolytic virotherapy (IT-OV) over a 17-month period. PET/CT imaging at 3 and 6 months showed increased primary tumor size and metabolic glucose uptake in the primary tumor, axillary lymph nodes and lung nodules, which were paralleled by a hyperimmune reaction in the bones, liver, and spleen. Thereafter, there was a steady decline in both tumor size and metabolic activity until no radiographic evidence of disease was observed. The treatment regimen was well tolerated and good quality of life was maintained throughout. CONCLUSION: Integration of IT-OV immunotherapy in standard treatment protocols presents an attractive modality for late-stage primary tumors with an abscopal effect on metastases.
The alteration of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-driven signaling network is a characteristic feature of glioblastomas (GBM), and its inhibition represents a treatment strategy. However, EGFR-targeted interventions have been largely ineffective. Complex perturbations in this system are likely to be central to tumor cells with high adaptive capacity and resistance to therapies. We review key concepts and mechanisms relevant to EGFR-targeted treatment resistance at a systems level. Our understanding of treatment resistance as a systems-level phenomenon is necessary to develop effective therapeutic options for GBM patients. This is allowing us to go beyond the notion of therapeutic targets as single molecular components, into strategies that can weaken cancer signaling robustness and boost inherent network-level vulnerabilities.
Recent changes in lung cancer care, including new approvals in first line and the introduction of high-throughput molecular technologies in routine testing led us to question ourselves on how deeper molecular testing may be helpful for the optimal use of targeted drugs. In this article, we review recent results in the scope of personalized medicine in lung cancer. We discuss biomarkers that have a therapeutic predictive value in lung cancer with a focus on recent changes and on the clinical value of large scale sequencing strategies. We review the use of second- and third-generation EGFR and ALK inhibitors with a focus on secondary resistance alterations. We discuss anti-BRAF and anti-MEK combo, emerging biomarkers as NRG1 and NTRKs fusions and immunotherapy. Finally, we discuss the different technical issues of comprehensive molecular profiling and show how large screenings might refine the prediction value of individual markers. Based on a review of recent publications (2012(-)2018), we address promising approaches for the treatment of patients with lung cancers and the technical challenges associated with the identification of new predictive markers.
OBJECTIVES: The study aimed to estimate the burden of metastatic breast cancer (mBC) in Spain over 5 years. METHODS: An incidence-based cost-of-illness model was developed in which a cohort of patients with mBC was followed from the diagnosis of metastatic disease over 5 years or death. Resource use data were collected through a physician survey conducted with 10 clinical experts in Spain. The model distinguished patients according to HER2 and hormonal receptor (HR) status, and followed the patient cohort in monthly cycles. RESULTS: The incident cohort was estimated to be 2,923 patients with mBC, consisting of 1,575 HER2-/HR+, 520 HER2+/HR+, 324 HER2+/HR-, and 503 triple negative patients. The estimated mean survival over the 5-year time period was 2.51 years, on average, with longer survival of 3.36 years for HER2+/HR+, 2.41 years for HER2-/HR+, 2.82 years for HER2+/HR- and shortest mean survival of 1.74 years for triple negative patients. The total costs were euro469,92,731 for the overall population, euro190,079,787 for the HER2-/HR+, euro151,045,260 for the HER2+/HR+, euro80,827,171 for the HER2+/HR- and euro47,540,512 for the triple negative subgroups over 5 years. Per patient total costs were euro160,642 on average, euro120,664 for HER2-/HR+, euro290,346 for HER2+/HR+, euro249,152 for HER2+/HR-and euro94,572 for triple negative patients over 5 years. CONCLUSIONS: The economic burden of mBC in Spain is significant, but differs by HER2 and HR status. HER2-/HR +patients account for the highest burden due to the prevalence of this category, but HER2+/HR +patients have the highest per patient costs.
BACKGROUND: Male breast cancer (MBC) is a rare and scarcely investigated disease. The strongest genetic risk factor for MBC is represented by inherited BRCA2 mutations, whereas the association between MBC and BRCA1 mutations is less clear. MBC appears to be biologically similar to breast cancer in females, however the phenotypic characteristics of BRCA1/2-related MBCs are not yet well elucidated. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the genetic and phenotypic characteristics of MBC in a large and well-characterized population-based series of 108 MBCs from Tuscany (Central Italy) and to evaluate associations between BRCA1/BRCA2 mutation status and clinical-pathological features including breast/ovarian cancer first-degree family history, tumor histology and grade, proliferative activity, estrogen/progesterone receptors (ER/PR) and epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression. Results BRCA1/BRCA2 mutations were identified in ten MBCs, in particular, two cases (1.9%) carried BRCA1 and eight cases (7.4%) carried BRCA2 mutations. The same BRCA1 mutation (3347delAG) was detected in two unrelated MBC cases. Three novel BRCA2 pathogenic mutations were found. Statistically significant associations emerged between BRCA2-related tumors and absence of PR expression (P = 0.008), HER2 over-expression (P = 0.002) and high tumor grade (P = 0.005). Conclusions Here, we (i) reported that in our population about 9% of MBC cases are accounted for by BRCA1/BRCA2 mutations; (ii) enlarged the BRCA2 mutational spectrum and (iii) characterized a specific phenotype associated with BRCA2-related MBCs suggestive of aggressive behavior. Overall, our results may have important implications on clinical management for this rare disease.
Ubiquitination of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is required for downregulation of the receptor by endocytosis. Impairment of this pathway results in constitutively active EGFR, which is associated with carcinogenesis, particularly in lung cancer. We previously demonstrated that the deubiquitinating enzyme ubiquitin-specific protease 2a (USP2a) has oncogenic properties. Here, we show a new role for USP2a as a regulator of EGFR endocytosis. USP2a localizes to early endosomes and associates with EGFR, stabilizing the receptor, which retains active downstream signaling. HeLa cells transiently expressing catalytically active, but not mutant (MUT), USP2a show increased plasma membrane-localized EGFR, as well as decreased internalized and ubiquitinated EGFR. Conversely, USP2a silencing reverses this phenotype. Importantly, USP2a prevents the degradation of MUT in addition to wild-type EGFR. Finally, we observed that USP2a and EGFR proteins are coordinately overexpressed in non-small cell lung cancers. Taken together, our data indicate that USP2a antagonizes EGFR endocytosis and thus amplifies signaling activity from the receptor. Our findings suggest that regulation of deubiquitination could be exploited therapeutically in cancers overexpressing EGFR.
Erlotinib is increasingly being used for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. The recommended dose is 150 mg/day and no efficacy data is available for lower doses. We describe a case of dramatic tumor response to 50 mg erlotinib in a patient with EGFR mutation positive NSCLC who developed a severe rash on full dose erlotinib. Rash is known to correlate with response and survival in patients treated with erlotinib. Our case suggests that in the presence of rash, dose reductions to "subtherapeutic" levels remain effective and may prevent unnecessary early treatment termination.
Mutations of the RAS oncogene are found in around 30% of all human cancers yet direct targeting of RAS is still considered clinically impractical except for the KRAS(G12C) mutant. Here we report that RAS-ON (RASON), a novel protein encoded by the long intergenic non-protein coding RNA 00673 (LINC00673), is a positive regulator of oncogenic RAS signaling. RASON is aberrantly overexpressed in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients, and it promotes proliferation of human PDAC cell lines in vitro and tumor growth in vivo. CRISPR/Cas9-mediated knockout of Rason in mouse embryonic fibroblasts inhibits KRAS-mediated tumor transformation. Genetic deletion of Rason abolishes oncogenic KRAS-driven pancreatic and lung cancer tumorigenesis in LSL-Kras(G12D); Trp53(R172H/+) mice. Mechanistically, RASON directly binds to KRAS(G12D/V) and inhibits both intrinsic and GTPase activating protein (GAP)-mediated GTP hydrolysis, thus sustaining KRAS(G12D/V) in the GTP-bound hyperactive state. Therapeutically, deprivation of RASON sensitizes KRAS mutant pancreatic cancer cells and patient-derived organoids to EGFR inhibitors. Our findings identify RASON as a critical regulator of oncogenic KRAS signaling and a promising therapeutic target for KRAS mutant cancers.
Despite the frequent expression of N-terminally truncated ErbB2 (DeltaNErbB2/p95HER2) in breast cancer and its association with Herceptin resistance and poor prognosis, it remains poorly understood how DeltaNErbB2 affects chemotherapy-induced cell death. Previously it was shown that DeltaNErbB2 upregulates acid extrusion from MCF-7 breast cancer cells and that inhibition of the Na(+)/H(+) exchanger (SLC9A1/NHE1) strongly sensitizes DeltaNErbB2-expressing MCF-7 cells to cisplatin chemotherapy. The aim of this study was to identify the mechanism through which DeltaNErbB2 regulates cisplatin-induced breast cancer cell death, and determine how NHE1 regulates this process. Cisplatin treatment elicited apoptosis, ATM phosphorylation, upregulation of p53, Noxa (PMAIP1), and PUMA (BBC3), and cleavage of caspase-9, -7, fodrin, and PARP-1 in MCF-7 cells. Inducible DeltaNErbB2 expression strongly reduced cisplatin-induced ATM- and p53-phosphorylation, augmented Noxa upregulation and caspase-9 and -7 cleavage, doubled p21(WAF1/Cip1) (CDKN1A) expression, and nearly abolished Bcl-2 expression. LC3-GFP analysis demonstrated that autophagic flux was reduced by cisplatin in a manner augmented by DeltaNErbB2, yet did not contribute to cisplatin-induced death. Using knockdown approaches, it was shown that cisplatin-induced caspase-7 cleavage in DeltaNErbB2-MCF-7 cells was Noxa- and caspase-9 dependent. This pathway was augmented by NHE1 inhibition, while the Na(+)/HCO3 (-) cotransporter (SLC4A7/NBCn1) was internalized following cisplatin exposure. IMPLICATIONS: This work reveals that DeltaNErbB2 strongly affects several major pro- and antiapoptotic pathways and provides mechanistic insight into the role of NHE1 in chemotherapy resistance. These findings have relevance for defining therapy regimens in breast cancers with DeltaNErbB2 and/or NHE1 overexpression.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) protein tyrosine kinases are over expressed in several human cancers and considered as a promising target for developing novel anticancer drugs. In this study, the ligand-based pharmacophore mapping and atom-based 3D-QSAR approach was carried out on a series of 40 novel pyrrolo[3, 2-d]pyrimidine derivatives acting as EGFR inhibitors. The best pharmacophore hypothesis AAADRR.295 was selected and an atom-based 3D-QSAR model was generated by applying partial least-squares algorithm. The developed model was validated and used as a 3D query in sequential virtual screening study to filter five chemical databases. The obtained compounds were further filtered according to Lipinski rule of five and fitness score. Subsequently, a multistep molecular docking study was employed on the retrieved hits and finally, 12 compounds were prioritized as potential leads against EGFR, which exhibited high docking scores, correlated binding mode to experimentally proven compounds and constructive drug-like properties. The results of this study provide detailed structural insights and emphasize the important binding features of these compounds, which may assists in the design and development of novel EGFR inhibitors.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to explore clinical risk factors for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in postoperative lung cancer patients in order to provide a basis for the prevention and treatment of postoperative VTE. METHODS: A total of 1,001 lung cancer patients were retrospectively analyzed. Each patient was confirmed with surgical pathology diagnosis and had a complete clinical and follow-up record. VTE was identified in a combination of spiral computed tomography (CT), pulmonary angiography, and color Doppler ultrasound. We used life table method to create an occurrence frequency curve of thrombosis. We also searched for high risk factors for postoperative VTE with Cox multivariate regression model and created frequency curves of thrombosis against different risk factors using Kaplan-Meier method. RESULTS: As of July 31, 2011, the median follow-up time is 25.73 +/- 0.11 months (19.23-31.37). The cumulative frequency of VTE among 1,001 lung cancer patients is 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, and 5.3% over 1, 3, 6, 12, and 30 months after the surgery. COX regression analysis showed that the hazard ratio of VTE occurrence in patients with incomplete resection relative to ones with complete resection is 9.867 (95% CI: 5.275-18.459, P = 0.000). And the hazard ratio of VTE occurrence is 3.472 (95% CI: 1.761-6.845, P = 0.000) in patients with anti-angiogenesis treatment compared to patients without such treatment. The hazard ratio of VTE occurrence is 2.808 (95% CI: 1.439-5.479, P = 0.002) in patients with EGFR-TKI treatment relative to patients without the treatment, and 7.520 (95% CI: 3.968-14.250, P = 0.000) in patients with an increase in D-dimer level relative to normal ones CONCLUSIONS: The highest incidence of VTE is within 1 month after lung cancer surgery. High risk factors for VTE include incomplete surgical resection, postoperative use of anti-angiogenesis drugs, EGFR-TKI application and an increase in preoperative D-dimer level.
Current treatment for late-stage metastatic breast cancer is largely palliative. alpha-Particles are highly potent, short-range radiation emissions capable of sterilizing individual cells with one to three traversals of the cell nucleus. The alpha-emitter, (213)Bi (T(1/2) = 45.6 min), was conjugated to a 100-nm diameter liposomal-CHX-A''-DTPA construct, upon which the rat HER2/neu reactive antibody, 7.16.4, was grafted. A conjugation time of 10 minutes was achieved giving a specific activity corresponding to 0.1 (213)Bi atom per liposome; stability in vitro and in vivo was confirmed. Efficacy in a rat/neu transgenic mouse model of metastatic mammary carcinoma was investigated. Three days after left cardiac ventricular injection of 10(5) rat HER-2/neu-expressing syngeneic tumor cells, macrophage-depleted Neu-N mice were treated by i.v. injection with (a) 19.2 MBq (520 muCi) of liposome-CHX-A''-DTPA-(213)Bi, (b) 19.2 MBq of liposome-CHX-A''-DTPA-(213)Bi-7.16.4, (c) 4.44 MBq (120 muCi) of (213)Bi-7.16.4, and (d) cold (nonradioactive) liposome-CHX-A''-DTPA-7.16.4 as control. Treatment with (a) increased median survival time to 34 days compared with 29 days for the untreated controls (P = 0.013) and 27 days for treated cold controls. Treatment with the radiolabeled antibody-conjugated liposome (b) increased median survival time to 38 days (P = 0.0002 relative to untreated controls). The radiolabeled antibody-treated group (c) gave a median survival of 39 days, which was similar to that for the radiolabeled antibody-conjugated liposome-treated group (P = 0.5). We have shown that the (213)Bi radiolabeled immunoliposomes are effective in treating early-stage micrometastases, giving median survival times similar to those obtained with antibody-mediated delivery of (213)Bi in this animal model.
BACKGROUND: MammaPrint (MMP) helps clinicians identify the ideal time for adjuvant treatment for patients with early HR+/HER2- breast cancer. We aimed to validate a nomogram designed to predict probability of low risk of MMP results and to evaluate the difference in survival outcome between two groups divided by nomogram score. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, we evaluated 172 patients from Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea, who underwent breast cancer surgery and MMP during 2020-2021. First, we validated the nomogram by calculating the area under the curve (AUC) and using calibration. Additionally, with the data of 1,835 T1-3N0-1M0 HR+/HER2- patients from Asan Medical Center during 2010-2013, we compared the disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS) rates by Kaplan-Meier analysis between the two groups divided by nomogram total point (TP) of 183. RESULTS: The AUC calculated by validation of 172 patients was 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.66-0.81). The discrimination and calibration of the prediction model were satisfactory following additional validation of 1835 patients. The high-risk and low-risk groups had different 5-year OS (97.9% vs. 98.1%, p = 0.056), DFS (98.6% vs. 99.4%, p = 0.008), and BCSS rates (98.6% vs. 99.4%, p = 0.002). CONCLUSION: For treatment decision-making among clinically high-risk patients with HR+/HER2- and node-positive disease, the nomogram showed satisfactory performance in predicting patients with low genomic risk. Survival outcome significantly differed between two groups divided by nomogram TP. More studies are needed to validate this model in international cohorts and large prospective cohorts from other institutions.
Gefitinib and erlotinib are epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). Although EGFR-TKIs are effective as anti-cancer drugs, cancer cells sometimes gain tolerance to the drugs. Previous studies suggested that the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR)-signaling pathway could serve as compensation for the EGFR-signaling pathway inhibited by EGFR-TKIs. Our study further suggested that FGF2, a FGFR ligand, leaked out from naive cells killed by gefitinib could initiate the FGFR-signaling pathway in surviving cells; i.e., altruistic survival may occur in naive cells immediately after EGFR-TKI treatment. Altruistic survival may be temporal, and cells need to change their gene regulation toward gaining resistance to EGFR-TKIs. Changes in such gene regulation after EGFR-TKI treatment are poorly understood. In this study, we examined early events of such gene regulation changes in human adenocarcinoma PC-9 cells that are capable of changing their nature from susceptibility to resistance to EFGR-TKIs. Our study indicated that activation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappaB) occurred in the cells immediately after EGFR-TKI treatment and also by gene silencing against oncogenic EGFR; and, MG132 treatment for inhibiting NF-kappaB activation affected cell viability. Taken together, our findings (including the previous study) suggest that altruistic survival and NF-kappaB activation might be vital for initiating the acquisition of EGFR-TKI resistance.
BACKGROUND: Blockade of human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2) has dramatically improved outcome for patients with HER2-positive breast cancer. Trastuzumab, an anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody, has previously demonstrated improvement in overall survival (OS) in patients with metastatic and early stage HER2-positive breast cancer. However, trastuzumab can cause congestive heart failure (CHF) with an increased frequency for patients who have also received an anthracycline. The current trial was designed to evaluate the impact of the duration of trastuzumab on CHF. METHODS: E2198 included 227 eligible women with histologically confirmed stage II or IIIA HER2-positive breast cancer. The patients were randomised to receive 12 weeks of paclitaxel and trastuzumab followed by four cycles of doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide (abbreviated Arm) or the aforementioned treatment with additional 1 year of trastuzumab (conventional Arm). The primary end point was to evaluate the safety of this variable duration of trastuzumab therapy, particularly cardiac toxicity defined as CHF or left ventricular ejection fraction decrease >10%. Secondary end points included disease-free survival (DFS) and OS. RESULTS: Compared with 12-week treatment with trastuzumab, 1 year of trastuzumab-based therapy did not increase the frequency or severity of cardiac toxicity: three patients on the abbreviated Arm and four on the conventional Arm experienced CHF. The 5-year DFS was 76% and 73% for the abbreviated and conventional Arms, respectively, with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.3 (95% CI: 0.8-2.1; P=0.3). There was also no statistically significance difference in OS (HR, 1.4; P=0.3). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with 12 weeks of treatment, 1 year of treatment with trastuzumab did not significantly increase the risk of cardiac toxicity. Although not powered for efficacy comparisons, the longer duration of trastuzumab therapy did not demonstrate a signal for marked superiority.
The current research involves the preparation of novel thiazole derivatives, which was carried out via one-pot three-component reaction utilizing conventional and microwave irradiation (MW) methods. The MW method reduced the reaction time and allowed the reactions to be carried out with higher yields. 1H NMR, 13C NMR, EI-MS and FT-IR techniques were employed for the characterization of synthesized compounds. All compounds exhibited anti-cancer activity ranging from 0.190 to 0.273 microg/mL against SaOS-2 cell line and the best activity was shown by compound 4i which exhibited IC50 value = 0.190 +/- 0.045 microg/mL. It is evident that the concentration of these compounds is a critical factor in determining their biological efficacy. This dose-dependent relationship highlights the importance of optimizing compound concentrations to achieve maximal therapeutic benefits while minimizing potential side effects. Moreover, these findings demonstrated the potential of thiazole derivatives as promising candidates for anti-cancer drug development and warrant further investigation into their mechanisms of action and therapeutic applications. Molecular modelling was utilized to predict potential interactions of the synthesized compounds that exhibited inhibitory effects. The analyses revealed that compound 4i exhibited strong inhibitory effects against EGFR (docking score: -6.434, MM-GBSA energy: -53.40 kcal/mol) in in silico studies.
PURPOSE: We evaluated the association of percent mammographic density (PMD), absolute dense area (DA), and non-dense area (NDA) with risk of "intrinsic" molecular breast cancer (BC) subtypes. METHODS: We pooled 3492 invasive BC and 10,148 controls across six studies with density measures from prediagnostic, digitized film-screen mammograms. We classified BC tumors into subtypes [63% Luminal A, 21% Luminal B, 5% HER2 expressing, and 11% as triple negative (TN)] using information on estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), and tumor grade. We used polytomous logistic regression to calculate odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for density measures (per SD) across the subtypes compared to controls, adjusting for age, body mass index and study, and examined differences by age group. RESULTS: All density measures were similarly associated with BC risk across subtypes. Significant interaction of PMD by age (P = 0.001) was observed for Luminal A tumors, with stronger effect sizes seen for younger women < 45 years (OR = 1.69 per SD PMD) relative to women of older ages (OR = 1.53, ages 65-74, OR = 1.44 ages 75 +). Similar but opposite trends were seen for NDA by age for risk of Luminal A: risk for women: < 45 years (OR = 0.71 per SD NDA) was lower than older women (OR = 0.83 and OR = 0.84 for ages 65-74 and 75 + , respectively) (P < 0.001). Although not significant, similar patterns of associations were seen by age for TN cancers. CONCLUSIONS: Mammographic density measures were associated with risk of all "intrinsic" molecular subtypes. However, findings of significant interactions between age and density measures may have implications for subtype-specific risk models.
BACKGROUND: Breakthrough progress has been made in Cyclin-Dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibitors when combined with endocrine therapy (ET) for hormone receptor-positive (HR+), HER2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancer (ABC). Though significant improvements of progression-free survival (PFS) for CDK4/6 inhibitors were demonstrated, however, the results of overall survival (OS) profile were not consistent. This study is conducted to further evaluate the efficacy and safety of CDK4/6 inhibitors for HR+ /HER2- ABC, and explore the prefer population through subgroup analysis. METHOD: We identified relevant randomized controlled trials that compared CDK4/6 inhibitors plus ET to ET alone in HR+ /HER2- ABC. We calculated the hazard ratios (HRs) for PFS and OS, and risk ratios (RRs) for objective response rate (ORR), clinical benefit rate (CBR), adverse events (AEs). Statistical analysis was performed with the random-effects model. RESULT: Eight trials and 4580 patients were included in this meta-analysis. Compared to ET alone, CDK4/6 inhibitors plus ET not only produced a significantly longer PFS (HR = 0.55, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.50-0.59, p < 0.00001), but also manifested an extension of OS (HR = 0.79, 95% CI 0.67-0.93, p = 0.004) for HR+ /HER2- ABC. Similarly, the benefit was also manifested in ORR (RR = 1.47, 95% CI 1.30-1.67, p < 0.00001) and CBR (RR = 1.20, 95% CI 1.12-1.30, p < 0.00001). The improvements of PFS were observed in the combined treatment group as both the first-line (HR = 0.56) and the second-line therapy (HR = 0.53), and irrespective of menopausal status, the presence of visceral metastasis, previous treatment with chemotherapy, their race or age. Nevertheless, more hematologic and gastrointestinal adverse events were observed with CDK4/6 inhibitors. The most common Grade 3-4 AEs is neutropenia (RR 31.95). CONCLUSION: Significant advantages of PFS and OS were observed for CDK4/6 inhibitors in HR+/HER2- ABC. Furthermore, the benefit of PFS was across all subgroups. Though associated with an increased occurrence of AEs, most of which are reversible, manageable, and acceptable. Therefore, CDK4/6 inhibitors could be recommended as a preferred options for patients with HR+ /HER2- ABC.
PURPOSE: To investigate the discordance between original and central laboratories in estrogen receptor (ER) status, in tumors originally deemed to be ER-negative, and in HER2 status in a diverse population-based sample. METHODS: In a follow-up study of 1785 women with Stage I-III breast cancer diagnosed between 2005 and 2007 in the Detroit and Los Angeles County SEER registry catchment areas, participants were asked to consent to reassessment of ER (in tumors originally deemed to be ER-negative) and HER2 status on archival tumor samples approximately four years after diagnosis. Blocks were centrally prepared and analyzed for ER and HER2 using standardized methods and the guidelines of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and the College of American Pathologists. Analyses determined the discordance between original and central laboratories. RESULTS: 132 (31%) of those eligible for ER reassessment and 367 (21%) eligible for HER2 reassessment had archival blocks reassessed centrally. ER discordance was only 6%. HER2 discordance by immunohistochemistry (IHC) was 26%, but final HER2 results-employing FISH in tumors that were IHC 2+ at the central laboratory-were discordant in only 6%. Half of the original laboratories did not perform their own assays. CONCLUSIONS: Discordance between original and central laboratories in two large metropolitan areas was low in this population-based sample compared to previously reported patient samples. Centralization of testing for key pathology variables appears to be occurring in many hospitals. In addition, quality improvement efforts may have preceded the publication and dissemination of specialty society guidelines.
PURPOSE: The sampling and accurate diagnosis of lymph nodes during the clinical history of lung cancer are essential for selecting the appropriate treatment strategies. This study aims to evaluate the feasibility of endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration (EBUS-TBNA) in patients with previously treated lung cancer. METHODS: Patients who underwent EBUS-TBNA after treatment for lung cancer were retrospectively reviewed. We classified the patients into two groups; Group 1 (G1): Indicated to have a recurrence of new lesions after radical surgery or chemo/radiotherapy with a curative intent; and Group 2 (G2): Indicated to have residual tumor cells after undergoing primary treatment for chemo/radiotherapy or re-staging after induction therapy prior to surgery. RESULTS: Seventy previously treated lung cancer cases (G1, n = 52; G2, n = 18) were enrolled. Thirty-two cases (61.5%) had recurrent disease in G1, and 9 cases (50.0%) had nodal metastasis in G2. The diagnostic accuracy was 95.2% in G1 and 88.9% in G2. Twenty-four cases were examined for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations, and 9 (37.5%) cases had mutations, including two cases with a T790M mutation. Furthermore, in one case, a re-biopsy revealed that the initial adenocarcinoma had transformed into small cell lung cancer. CONCLUSION: Performing EBUS-TBNA during lung cancer treatment showed a high diagnostic yield. Samples obtained by EBUS-TBNA were helpful in determining when to perform repeat biomarker testing as well as for making pathological re-evaluations.
Circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) is a critical biomarker for early tumor detection. However, accurately quantifying low-abundance ctDNA in human serum remains a significant challenge. To address this challenge, we introduce a bimodal biosensor tailored for detecting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation L858R in specific nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. This biosensor utilizes dual CRISPR-Cas12a systems to quantify the target via fluorescence and electrochemical signals. In our system, the EGFR L858R exhibits resistance to digestion by the restriction enzyme MscI, which activates the first CRISPR-Cas12a protein and inhibits the binding of magnetic beads with fluorescein (FAM)-labeled hybridization chain reaction (HCR) products, thereby reducing the fluorescence signal. This activation also inhibits the cleavage activity of the second CRISPR-Cas12a protein, allowing the electrode to sustain a higher electrochemical signal from nanomaterials. The wild-type EGFR (wt EGFR) produces the opposite effect. Consequently, the concentration of EGFR L858R can be accurately quantified and verified using both fluorescence and electrochemical signals. The biosensor offers a dynamic detection ranging from 10 fM to 1 muM, with a detection limit of 372 aM. It demonstrates excellent specificity, reproducibility, stability, and recovery rates. Moreover, the sensor's enhanced analytical sensitivity highlights its critical role in biosensing applications and early disease diagnosis.
The clinical utility of systemic therapy and genomic profiling in non-squamous-cell head and neck cancer (NSCHNC) has not been fully elucidated. This phase II trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of docetaxel and cisplatin combination in the first-line setting. Eligibility criteria were recurrent and/or metastatic NSCHNC; progressive disease within the last 6 months; no prior systemic therapy; and ECOG performance status of 0-1. Patients received docetaxel (75 mg/m(2) on day 1) and cisplatin (75 mg/m(2) on day 1), repeated every 21 days for 6 cycles. The primary endpoint was confirmed objective response rate (ORR). The secondary endpoints included progression-free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS), and adverse events. Next-generation sequencing (NGS) was performed using the Ion AmpliSeq Cancer Hotspot Panel v2. Twenty-three patients were enrolled from November 2012 to October 2016, of whom 8 were male. Median age was 57 years. Ninety-six percent of cases were metastatic. Among 22 evaluable patients, confirmed ORR was 45% (95% confidential interval 24-68%). With a median follow-up period of 18.8 months, median PFS and OS were 6.7 and 20.1 months, respectively. Grade 3/4 adverse events included febrile neutropenia (39%) and anemia (22%). No treatment-related deaths were observed. NGS analysis revealed potential treatment targets, including ERBB2, KIT, and ALK. The docetaxel and cisplatin combination regimen can be considered a new treatment option in recurrent and/or metastatic NSCHNC, although primary prophylaxis for febrile neutropenia should be considered. Diverse genomic alterations may lead novel treatment options.This trial was registered with the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry as UMIN000008333 on [September 1st, 2012].
Mucins are high-molecular-weight glycoproteins and are implicated in diverse biological functions. MUC4, a member of transmembrane mucin family, is expressed in airway epithelial cells and body fluids like saliva, tear film, ear fluid, and breast milk. In addition to its normal expression, an aberrant expression of MUC4 has been reported in a variety of carcinomas. Among various potential domains of MUC4, epidermal growth factor (EGF) -like domains are hypothesized to interact with and activate the ErbB2 receptors, suggesting an intramembrane-growth factor function for MUC4. The heavily glycosylated tandem repeat domain provides the structural rigidity to the extended extracellular region. MUC4, by virtue of its extended structure, serves as a barrier for some cell-cell and cell-extracellular matrix interactions and as a potential reservoir for certain growth factors. An intricate relationship between MUC4 and growth factor signaling is also reflected in the transcriptional regulation of MUC4. The MUC4 promoter has binding sites for different transcription factors, which are responsible for the regulation of its expression in different tissues. The interferon-gamma, retinoic acid, and transforming growth factor-beta signaling pathways regulate MUC4 expression in a partially interdependent manner. Taken together, all of these features of MUC4 strongly support its role as a potential candidate for diagnostic and therapeutic applications in cancer and other diseases.
BACKGROUND: Correlations between development of hand-foot syndrome (HFS) and efficacy in patients receiving capecitabine (CAP)-containing therapy are reported in the literature. We explored the relationship between HFS and efficacy in patients receiving CAP plus bevacizumab (BEV) in the TURANDOT randomised phase III trial. METHODS: Patients with HER2-negative locally recurrent/metastatic breast cancer (LR/mBC) who had received no prior chemotherapy for LR/mBC were randomised to BEV plus paclitaxel or BEV-CAP until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. This analysis included patients randomised to BEV-CAP who received 1 CAP dose. Potential associations between HFS and both overall survival (OS; primary end point) and progression-free survival (PFS; secondary end point) were explored using Cox proportional hazards analyses with HFS as a time-dependent covariate (to avoid overestimating the effect of HFS on efficacy). Landmark analyses were also performed. RESULTS: Among 277 patients treated with BEV-CAP, 154 (56%) developed HFS. In multivariate analyses, risk of progression or death was reduced by 44% after the occurrence of HFS; risk of death was reduced by 56%. The magnitude of effect on OS increased with increasing HFS grade. In patients developing HFS within the first 3 months, median PFS from the 3-month landmark was 10.0 months vs 6.2 months in patients without HFS. Two-year OS rates were 63% and 44%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This exploratory analysis indicates that HFS occurrence is a strong predictor of prolonged PFS and OS in patients receiving BEV-CAP for LR/mBC. Early appearance of HFS may help motivate patients to continue therapy.
One of the helpful ways to improve the effectiveness of anticancer agents and weaken drug resistance is to use hybrid molecules. therefore, the current study intended to introduce 20 novel xanthine/chalcone hybrids 9-28 of promising anticancer activity. Compounds 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 20 and 23 exhibited potent inhibition of cancer cells growth with IC(50) ranging from 1.0+/-0.1 to 3.5+/-0.4muM compared to doxorubicin with IC(50) ranging from 0.90+/-0.62 to 1.41+/-0.58muM and that compounds 11 and 16 were the best. To verify the mechanism of their anticancer activity, compounds 10, 11, 13, 14, 16, 20 and 23 were evaluated for their EGFR inhibitory effect. The study results revealed that compound 11 showed IC(50)=0.3microM on the target enzyme which is more potent than staurosporine reference drug (IC(50)=0.4microM). Accordingly, the apoptotic effect of the most potent compounds 11 was extensively investigated and showed a marked increase in Bax level up to 29 folds, and down-regulation in Bcl2 to 0.28 fold, in comparison to the control. Furthermore, the effect of compound 11 on Caspases 3 and 8 was evaluated and was found to increase their levels by 8 and 14 folds, respectively. Also, the effect of compound 11 on the cell cycle and its cytotoxic effect were examined. Moreover, a molecular docking study was adopted to confirm mechanism of action.
The adenocarcinoma of the lung has recently shown peculiar molecular characteristics, which relate with both carcinogenesis and response to targeted drugs. Several molecular alterations have been defined as "driver mutations". These are responsible for both the initiation and maintenance of the malignancy. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway is the main regulator of cell function and cancer development. It has a widely defined role in the occurrence of driver mutations. Up till now EGFR gene mutations, KRAS gene mutations and EML4-ALK fusion genes are the most widely recognized alterations involved in both the biology and the clinical management of lung adenocarcinoma. In this review we report the molecular bases that have led to the clinical application of the detection for such genetic impairments. Subsequently we discuss the clinical studies regarding the prognostic role and the predictive value for response to anti-EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) of the same mutations. We also provide a potential algorithm as a guide in the choice of the best treatment for patients with adenocarcinoma.
In the global KEYNOTE-042 study (Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02220894), pembrolizumab significantly improved overall survival (OS) vs chemotherapy in patients with previously untreated programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1)-positive locally advanced/metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) without EGFR/ALK alterations. We present results from patients in KEYNOTE-042 enrolled from China in the global or extension study (NCT03850444; protocol identical to global study). Patients were randomized 1:1 (stratified by ECOG performance status 0 vs 1, squamous vs nonsquamous histology and PD-L1 tumor proportion score [TPS] >/=50% vs 1%-49%) to 35 cycles of pembrolizumab 200 mg every 3 weeks (Q3W) or investigator's choice of 4 to 6 cycles of carboplatin plus paclitaxel or pemetrexed Q3W with optional pemetrexed maintenance for nonsquamous tumors. Primary endpoints were OS in patients with PD-L1 TPS >/=50%, >/=20% or >/=1%. Two hundred sixty-two patients (pembrolizumab, n = 128; chemotherapy, n = 134) were enrolled from China. At data cutoff (February 21, 2020; median follow-up, 33.0 [range, 25.6-41.9] months), pembrolizumab was shown to improve OS vs chemotherapy in patients with PD-L1 TPS >/=50% (hazard ratio [95% CI], 0.63 [0.43-0.94]), TPS >/=20% (0.66 [0.47-0.92]) and TPS >/=1% (0.67 [0.50-0.89]). Grade 3 to 5 treatment-related adverse events occurred less frequently with pembrolizumab vs chemotherapy (19.5% vs 68.8%). In 22 patients who completed 35 cycles of pembrolizumab, objective response rate was 77.3% and median duration of response was 27.6 months. Consistent with the global KEYNOTE-042 study, pembrolizumab improved OS vs chemotherapy in this study of Chinese patients with locally advanced/metastatic NSCLC and PD-L1 TPS >/=1%, supporting first-line pembrolizumab monotherapy for PD-L1-positive advanced/metastatic NSCLC in China.
CONTEXT: Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are considered to be effective treatments for advanced NSCLC patients with sensitizing EGFR mutations. There are many complex and rare mutations in the EGFR gene. The efficacy of the first-generation EGFR-TKI (erlotinib) is unknown for tumors harboring rare EGFR mutations. AIMS: The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical significance of rare EGFR mutations in EGFR-TKI-naive patients and the efficacy of erlotinib. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: Istanbul University, Istanbul Medical Faculty, Department of Medical Oncology, Istanbul/Turkey, and retrospective observational study. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed 117 non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with EGFR mutations who had not previously used EGFR-TKIs. Exons 18-21 of EGFR were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction and subjected to direct sequencing methods. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: Survival estimates were calculated by the Kaplan-Meier method using SPSS 25 software (IBM SPSS, Chicago, USA). RESULTS: Of 117 patients who had EGFR mutations, 23 patients had rare and complex EGFR mutations. Only 9 of them were treated with erlotinib. Three patients (3.5%) with exon 20 mutations received erlotinib. Two with EGFR-p. Q787Q (SNP ID, rs10251977; c.2361G>A) synonymous mutation in exon 20 were responsive to erlotinib therapy in the second-line setting after first-line chemotherapy. To the best of our knowledge, the present two cases are the first to be reported with lung adenocarcinoma with EGFR-p. Q787Q synonymous mutation responding to erlotinib. CONCLUSION: NSCLC patients harboring rare EGFR mutations generally did not show consistent or favorable responses to EGFR-TKI. We suggest that this rare synonymous mutation (EGFR-p. Q787Q) is a sensitive EGFR mutation in NSCLC.
The partner of activated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), growth factor receptor bound protein-7 (Grb7), a functionally multidomain adaptor protein, has been demonstrated to be a pivotal regulator for varied physiological and pathological processes by interacting with phospho-tyrosine-related signaling molecules to affect the transmission through a number of signaling pathways. In particular, critical roles of Grb7 in erythroblastic leukemia viral oncogene homolog (ERBB) family-mediated cancer development and malignancy have been intensively evaluated. The overexpression of Grb7 or the coamplification/cooverexpression of Grb7 and members of the ERBB family play essential roles in advanced human cancers and are associated with decreased survival and recurrence of cancers, emphasizing Grb7's value as a prognostic marker and a therapeutic target. Peptide inhibitors of Grb7 are being tested in preclinical trials for their possible therapeutic effects. Here, we review the molecular, functional, and clinical aspects of Grb7 in ERBB family-mediated cancer development and malignancy with the aim to reveal alternative and effective therapeutic strategies.
EZRIN is a key player in assembling and coordinating molecular signaling, acting as a linker between receptors in plasma membrane and the actin cytoskeleton. High EZRIN expression level has been extensively studied and often associated with metastasis and cancer progression. Recent reports independently suggested associations between Ezrin and mitochondrial alterations or apoptotic processes, the mechanism by which Ezrin modulates these events remain largely unclear. Here we report that the lack of EZRIN-mediated EGFR internalization and translocation on mitochondria is critical for mitochondrial metabolism. Ezrin-deficient (Ezrin(-/-)) cells exhibit marked impairments in mitochondrial respiratory chain (MRC) activity. These cells also show significantly reduced ATP production and elevated mitochondrial ROS levels, revealing cell metabolism deficit. Furthermore, Ezrin loss induces mitochondrial ROS-mediated apoptosis. In vivo, Medaka fish lacking Ezrin display neuronal cell death associated with inflammation, which appear linked to the compromised mitochondrial metabolism and oxidative stress. Our findings reveal a key mechanism within endo-lysosomal signaling that involves Ezrin and the EGFR/TSC complex. both of which are essential for neuronal homeostasis. In conclusion, our data identify a novel molecular pathway in which the Ezrin/EGFR axis regulates mitochondrial metabolism, thereby supporting cellular energy balance and promoting neuronal cell survival.
HER receptor family plays an important role in normal embryonic development and is involved in pathogenesis and progression of some types of cancer. Neuroblastic tumors (NT) are common pediatric neoplasms with a poor outcome in a significant number of patients. The biological and prognostic role of HER family in NT is not well established. In the current study we evaluated HER1-4 receptors expression, their prognostic significance and clinicopathological correlations in a series of 103 NTs by immunohistochemical assessment of HER1-4 expression and FISH analysis of EGFR and HER2 copy number status. HER receptors are commonly expressed in NT but it was not due to EGFR or HER2 amplification. EGFR, HER2 and HER4 show correlation with tumor histology. It seems that these receptors take part in neuroblastic cell differentiation and Schwannian stroma development. EGFR and HER2 positivity are more frequently found in favorable histological risk group of tumours (P = 0.004 and P = 0.01 respectively) while high expression of HER4 is significantly more often found in patients with metastatic disease (P = 0.03). Moreover tumors with HER2 polysomy were more often found in children </= 18 months, with localized disease, and favorable histological group. Our study showed that the role of HER family members in NT biology is interrelated and complex but their expression level may present a novel prognostic factor for NT patients outcome.
The cytokine interleukin-6 (IL-6) has considerable pro-inflammatory properties and is a driver of many physiological and pathophysiological processes. Cellular responses to IL-6 are mediated by membrane-bound or soluble forms of the IL-6 receptor (IL-6R) complexed with the signal-transducing subunit gp130. While expression of the membrane-bound IL-6R is restricted to selected cell types, soluble IL-6R (sIL-6R) enables gp130 engagement on all cells, a process termed IL-6 trans-signalling and considered to be pro-inflammatory. sIL-6R is predominantly generated through proteolytic processing by the metalloproteinase ADAM17. ADAM17 also liberates ligands of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which is a prerequisite for EGFR activation and results in stimulation of proliferative signals. Hyperactivation of EGFR mostly due to activating mutations drives cancer development. Here, we reveal an important link between overshooting EGFR signalling and the IL-6 trans-signalling pathway. In epithelial cells, EGFR activity induces not only IL-6 expression but also the proteolytic release of sIL-6R from the cell membrane by increasing ADAM17 surface activity. We find that this derives from the transcriptional upregulation of iRhom2, a crucial regulator of ADAM17 trafficking and activation, upon EGFR engagement, which results in increased surface localization of ADAM17. Also, phosphorylation of the EGFR-downstream mediator ERK mediates ADAM17 activity via interaction with iRhom2. In sum, our study reveals an unforeseen interplay between EGFR activation and IL-6 trans-signalling, which has been shown to be fundamental in inflammation and cancer.
Aims of the study were to evaluate the expression Cytokeratin 5/6(CK5/6) and Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) among triple negative breast cancers and high grade infiltrating duct carcinomas. Further to probe if triple negative phenotype can be a surrogate marker for basal phenotype and to correlate the expression of basal markers with disease free survivals among triple negative phenotype and high grade infiltrating duct carcinomas. METHODS: Expression of CK5/6 and EGFR were studied by Immunohistochemistry (IHC) in 31 triple negative and 19 non-triple negative high grade breast carcinomas. RESULTS: 21 of the 31 triple negative phenotype (67.7%) breast carcinomas and 7 out of 19 non-triple negative (36.8%) breast carcinomas showed expression of basal markers (CK5/6 and/or over-expression of EGFR). There were statistically significant associations of all the basal-like tumors with negative hormonal status. The basal markers positive phenotype subjects had a shorter disease free interval as compared to basal markers negative phenotype subjects. CONCLUSION: Basal-like breast carcinomas constitute a unique clinical and pathological entity, characterized by high tumor grade and a propensity for lack of ER, PR and HER2 expression. Basal phenotypes have a more aggressive course than non-basal phenotype. "Triple negative" status cannot be used as a surrogate for "basal marker expression".
BACKGROUND: This study evaluated the distribution pattern of the Ki67-labeling index (LI) among patients at a Chinese breast cancer center, and analyzed its prognostic significance in the 2015 St Gallen consensus breast cancer classification, estrogen receptor-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative(ER(+)/HER2(-))subtype. METHODS: We classified 939 women with ER(+)/HER2(-) breast cancer into three groups by Ki67-LI levels, and followed their clinicopathologic characteristics and prognoses. RESULTS: In the 939 eligible subjects, 342 had Ki67-LI </=10% (Ki67(Low)), 281 had Ki67-LI between 10 and 30% (Ki67(Medium)), and 316 had Ki67-LI >/=30% (Ki67(High)). Although the Ki67(High) group had less favorable clinicopathologic factors, the Ki67(Medium) group's factors varied considerably. Kaplan-Meier estimates showed that disease-free survival(DFS) for the Ki67(Medium) group was significantly shorter than the Ki67(Low) group but longer than the Ki67(High) group. Ki67-LI had independent prognostic significance in multivariate analysis. Other diagnostic factors, including tumor size >2 cm, positive lymph nodes, and grade III disease, were significantly associated with poorer disease-free survival only in the Ki67(Medium) group. CONCLUSIONS: For patients with ER(+)/HER2(-) breast cancer, we confirmed three distinct risk patterns by Ki67-LI levels according to the 2015 St Gallen consensus. For patients with clearly low or high Ki67-LI, straightforward clinical decisions could be offered, but for patients with intermediate Ki67-LI, other factors might provide valuable information.
BACKGROUND: Thiophene, thiazole, and isoxazole derivatives are present in a wide range of natural and synthetic compounds with heterogeneous pharmacological activity. Due to their structural diversity, they are some of the most versatile classes of compounds for anticancer drug design and discovery. OBJECTIVE: Thiophene, thiazole, and isoxazole derivatives were herein designed with a dual purpose: as antiproliferative agents and kinase inhibitors. METHODS: The test compounds were synthesized in moderate to high yields through a simple methodology. Tetrahydrobenzo[b]thiophen-5-one derivatives 5a-f were prepared from the reaction of 2-arylidencyclohexan- 1,3-dione 3a-c with elemental sulfur and either of malononitrile (4a) or ethyl cyanoacetate (4b) in 1,4-dioxan in the presence of triethylamine. Compounds 5a,b were used for the synthesis of thiophene, thiazole, and isoxazole derivatives through their reactions with different chemical reagents. RESULTS: Antiproliferative evaluations, c-Met kinase, and Pim-1 kinase inhibitions were performed where some compounds revealed high activities. In all cases, antiproliferative activity and the kinase inhibitions were performed against six cancer cell lines and five tyrosine kinases, respectively. Where the most cytotoxic compounds were 3c, 5d, and 16c with IC50's 0.29, 0.68, and 0.42muM, respectively, against the A549 cell line. CONCLUSION: The anti-proliferative activities of the newly synthesized compounds were evaluated against the six cancer cell lines (A549, HT-29, MKN-45, U87MG, SMMC-7721, and H460). The most potent compounds toward the cancer cell lines (3a, 3c, 5d, 7c, 11c, 16a, and 16c) were further investigated towards the five tyrosine kinases (c-kit, FIT-3, VEGFR-2, EGFR, and PDGFR). Compounds 3c, 5d, and 16c were selected for testing of their inhibition for the Pim-1 kinase due to their anti-proliferation activities against the cancer cell lines and their high activities against the tyrosine kinases.
BACKGROUND: Patients treated with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors (EGFRIs) frequently experience dermatologic toxic effects. Whereas the impact of these effects on quality of life and EGFRI dosing has been described, their impact on physical health has not been ascertained. We examined the prevalence of infections that complicate dermatologic toxic effects of EGFRIs. METHODS: We used retrospective chart review methods to analyze 221 patients who were treated in the Skin and Eye Reactions to Inhibitors of EGFR and Kinases clinic, a referral clinic for dermatologic toxic effects of cancer therapies. We reviewed results of bacterial cultures, histopathologic assessment of biopsy samples, and immunohistochemical staining of skin specimens for viral pathogens that were recorded in the patients' medical records. Associations between patient demographic and treatment characteristics and the development of infections were examined using the Fisher exact test. All statistical tests were two-sided. RESULTS: Eighty-four (38%) of the 221 patients showed evidence of infection at sites of dermatologic toxic effect. Fifty (22.6%) of the 221 patients had cultures positive for Staphylococcus aureus, and 12 (5.4%) of the 221 patients cultured positive for methicillin-resistant S aureus. Less frequent infections included herpes simplex (3.2%), herpes zoster (1.8%), and dermatophytes (10.4%). The seborrheic region was the most prevalent site of infection, and patients with leukopenia had higher risk for infection than patients who did not have leukopenia (P = .005). Demographic factors and associated treatments were not associated with the occurrence of a dermatologic infection (P > or = .05). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with dermatologic toxic effects following treatment with EGFRIs have a high prevalence of cutaneous infections. Most notably, bacterial infections developed at sites previously affected by dermatologic toxic effects, with leukopenic patients being at greater risk.
Activated epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) are crucial for inducing metastasis in cancer cells by promoting matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) expression. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of 1palmitoyl2linoleoyl3acetylracglycerol (PLAG) on MMP expression in epidermal growth factor (EGF)stimulated breast cancer cells in vitro. EGF stimulation induced internalization of its cognate receptor, EGFR, for stimulusdesensitization. These internalized receptors, complexed with the ubiquitin ligase cCbl and EGFR pathway substrate 15 (EPS15) (for degradation), were evaluated by confocal microscopy at 590 min time intervals. During intracellular trafficking of EGFRs, EGFinduced signaling cascades were analyzed by examining EGFR and SHC phosphorylation. Modulation of MMP expression was assessed by evaluating the activity of transcription factor AP1 using a luciferase assay. PLAG accelerated the assembly of EGFRs with cCbl and EPS15 and promoted receptor degradation. This faster intracellular EGFR degradation reduced AP1mediated MMP expression. PLAG stimulation upregulated thioredoxininteracting protein (TXNIP) expression, and this mediated the accelerated receptor internalization. This PLAGinduced increase in EGFR trafficking was blocked in TXNIPsilenced cells. By downregulating MMP expression, PLAG effectively attenuated EGFinduced mobility and invasiveness in these cancer cells. These data suggest that PLAG may be a potential therapeutic agent for blocking metastasis.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for lung cancer. Smokers have a much higher chance of developing lung tumors with a worse survival rate; however, non-smokers also develop lung tumors. A number of questions remain including the underlying difference between smoker and non-smoker lung cancer patients and the involvement of genetic and epigenetic processes in tumor development. The present study analyzed the mutation data of 100 non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, 12 non-smokers, 48 ex-smokers and 40 smokers, from Tracking Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Evolution through Therapy Consortium. A total of 68 genes exhibited different mutation patterns across non-smokers, ex-smokers and smokers. A number of these 68 genes encode membrane proteins with biological regulation, metabolic process, and response to stimulus functions. For each group of patients, the top 10 most frequently mutated genes were selected and their oncogenetic tree inferred, which reflected how the genes evolve during tumor genesis. By comparing the oncogenetic trees of non-smokers and smokers, it was identified that in non-smokers, the mutation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was an early genetic alteration event and EGFR was the key driver, but in smokers, the mutation of titin (TTN) was more important. Based on network analysis, TTN can interact with spectrin alpha erythrocytic 1 through calmodulin 2 and troponin C1. These genetic differences during tumorigenesis of non-smoker and smoker lung cancer patients provided novel insights into the effects of smoking on the evolutionary trajectory of non-small cell lung cancer and may prove helpful for targeted therapy of different lung cancer subtypes.
OBJECTIVES: The prevalence of Skeletal Related Adverse Events (SREs) in EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with bone metastases, treated with modern tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), has been scarcely investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated the data of EGFR mutated NSCLC patients with bone metastases treated with TKIs in 12 Italian centers from 2014 to 2019, with the primary aim to explore type and frequency of SREs. RESULTS: Seventy-seven out of 274 patients enrolled (28%) developed at least one major SRE: 55/274 (20%) bone fractures, 30/274 (11%) spinal cord compression, 5/274 (2%) hypercalcemia. Median time to the onset of SRE was 3.63 months. Nine patients (3%) underwent bone surgery and 150 (55%) radiation therapy on bone. SREs were more frequently observed within the 12 months from TKI start than afterwards (71 vs 29%, p 0.000). Patient Performance Status and liver metastases where independently associated with the risk of developing SREs. Median TKI exposure and overall survival were 11 and 28 months, respectively. Bone resorption inhibitors were associated with a lower risk of death (HR 0.722, 95% CI: 0.504-1.033, p = 0.075) although not statistically significant at multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: Bone metastatic NSCLC patients with EGFR mutated disease, treated with EGFR TKIs, have a relatively long survival expectancy and are at high risk to develop SREs. The early SRE occurrence after the TKI start provides the rationale to administer bone resorption inhibitors.
The molecular bases for sex differences in cancer remain undefined and how to incorporate them into risk stratification remains undetermined. Given sex differences in metabolism and the inverse correlation between fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) uptake and survival, we hypothesized that glycolytic phenotyping would improve glioma subtyping. Using retrospectively acquired lower-grade glioma (LGG) transcriptome data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA), we discovered male-specific decreased survival resulting from glycolytic gene overexpression. Patients within this high-glycolytic group showed significant differences in the presence of key genomic alterations (i.e., 1p/19q codeletion, CIC, EGFR, NF1, PTEN, FUBP1, and IDH mutations) compared with the low-glycolytic group. Although glycolytic stratification defined poor prognostic males independent of grade, histology, TP53, and ATRX mutation status, we unexpectedly found that females with high-glycolytic gene expression and wild-type IDH survived longer than all other wild-type patients. Validation with an independent metabolomics dataset from grade 2 gliomas determined that glycolytic metabolites selectively stratified males and also uncovered a potential sexual dimorphism in pyruvate metabolism. These findings identify a potential synergy between patient sex, tumor metabolism, and genomic alterations in determining outcome for glioma patients.
PURPOSE: To investigate if cetuximab induces epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) and activation of cancer associated fibroblast (CAF) in the tumors of patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). METHODS: Cetuximab was administered for two weeks prior to surgery to 20 treatment-naive patients. Five untreated patients were included as controls. Tumor biopsies were performed at baseline and before surgery. Gene expression profiles and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis of the pre-and post-treatment biopsies were compared. To further investigate EMT and CAF, correlations between previously described EMT and CAF markers and our microarray data set were calculated. RESULTS: Gene expression profile analyses and qRT-PCR showed that some of the genes modified by cetuximab were related to CAFs and EMT (ZNF521, CXCL12, ASPN, OLFML3, OLFM1, TWIST1, LEF1, ZEB1, FAP). We identified 2 patient clusters with different EMT and CAF characteristics. Whereas one cluster showed clear upregulation of expression of genes implicated in CAF and EMT including markers of embryologic pathways like NOTCH and Wnt, the other did not. CONCLUSIONS: Even if EMT and CAFs are implicated in cetuximab resistance in pre-clinical models, we demonstrate for the first time that these molecular processes may occur clinically early on.
MicroRNAs (miRNA) mediate distinct gene regulatory pathways triggered by epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activation, which occurs commonly in lung cancers with poor prognosis. In this study, we report the discovery and mechanistic characterization of the miRNA miR-7 as an oncogenic "oncomiR" and its role as a key mediator of EGFR signaling in lung cancer cells. EGFR activation or ectopic expression of Ras as well as c-Myc stimulated miR-7 expression in an extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)-dependent manner, suggesting that EGFR induces miR-7 expression through a Ras/ERK/Myc pathway. In support of this likelihood, c-Myc bound to the miR-7 promoter and enhanced its activity. Ectopic miR-7 promoted cell growth and tumor formation in lung cancer cells, significantly increasing the mortality of nude mice hosts, which were orthotopically implanted with lung cancers. Quantitative proteomic analysis revealed that miR-7 decreased levels of the Ets2 transcriptional repression factor ERF, the coding sequence of which was found to contain a miR-7 complementary sequence. Indeed, ectopic miR-7 inhibited production of ERF messages with a wild-type but not a silently mutated coding sequence, and ectopic miR-7 rescued growth arrest produced by wild-type but not mutated ERF. Together, these results identified that ERF is a direct target of miR-7 in lung cancer. Our findings suggest that miR-7 may act as an important modulator of EGFR-mediated oncogenesis, with potential applications as a novel prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target in lung cancer.
BACKGROUND: Proof of concept studies has reported that circulating endothelial cell (CEC) count may be associated with the outcome of HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer (mBC) patients treated by chemotherapy and the anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab. We report the results obtained in an independent prospective validation cohort (COMET study, NCT01745757). METHODS: The main baseline criteria were HER2-negative mBC, performance status 0-2 and no prior chemotherapy for metastatic disease. CECs were detected by CellSearch(R) from 4 ml of blood at baseline and after 4 weeks of weekly paclitaxel and bevacizumab therapy. CEC counts (considered both as a continuous variable and using the previously described 20 CEC/4 ml cutoff) were associated with clinical characteristics and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: CEC count was obtained in 251 patients at baseline and in 207 patients at 4 weeks. Median baseline CEC count was 22 CEC/4 ml (range 0-2231). Baseline CEC counts were associated with performance status (p = 0.02). No statistically significant change in CEC counts was observed between baseline and 4 weeks of therapy. High baseline CEC count was associated with shorter PFS in univariate and multivariate analyses (continuous: p < 0.001; dichotomized: HR 1.52, 95% CI [1.15-2.02], p = 0.004). CEC counts at 4 weeks had no prognostic impact. CONCLUSION: This study confirms that CEC count may be associated with the outcome of mBC patients treated with chemotherapy and bevacizumab. However, discrepancies with previous reports in terms of both the timing of CEC count and the direction of the prognostic impact warrant further clinical investigation.
Antibody-fluorophore conjugates have high potential for the specific fluorescence detection of target cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. However, the antibody-fluorophore conjugates described to date are inappropriate for real-time imaging of target cells because removal of unbound antibody is required to reduce background fluorescence before quantifiable analysis by microscopy. In addition, clinical applications of the conjugates have been limited by persistent background retention due to their long systemic circulation and nonspecific uptake. Here we report fast and real-time near-infrared fluorescence imaging of target cancer cells using an antigen-responsive molecular "on-off" sensor: the fluorescence of trastuzumab-ATTO680 conjugate is dark (i.e., turned off) in the extracellular region, while it becomes highly fluorescent (i.e., turned on) upon binding to the target antigen HER2 on cancer cell surface. This molecular switch enables fast and real-time imaging of target cancer cells in vitro and in vivo.
Left ventricular longitudinal strain (LVLS) performed using subcostal windows is a novel alternative for patients who require strain imaging but have poor apical windows. We investigated the reproducibility and inter-vendor variability of subcostal LVLS. One hundred and twenty-four echocardiographic studies were analysed from 73 women with early stage HER2-positive breast cancer. Speckle tracking strain was performed offline using EchoPAC and TomTec on subcostal 4-chamber and 3-chamber views to obtain subcostal 4-chamber (SC4_LS) and 3-chamber (SC3_LS) LVLS which was then averaged (SCav_LS). Reproducibility of subcostal single chamber and averaged LVLS were assessed. Measurements between platforms were compared. Strain was reported in absolute magnitude. EchoPAC measurements of SC3_LS (20.5 +/- 2.4% vs. 21.2 +/- 2.5%, p = 0.002) and SCav_LS (20.9 +/- 2.1% vs. 21.2 +/- 2.1%, p = 0.02) were lower than TomTec measurements while SC4_LS was similar (21.3 +/- 2.7% vs. 21.3 +/- 2.5%, p = 0.94). Mean differences between EchoPAC and TomTec were </= 0.6% strain units for all subcostal LVLS measurements; SCav_LS showed the narrowest limits of agreement (LOA) (mean difference - 0.3%, LOA - 3.2 to 2.6%). EchoPAC and TomTec measurements of SCav_LS showed good correlation (r = 0.76, p < 0.001). Intra-observer and inter-observer analysis showed good reproducibility. Inter-observer variability was lower than inter-vendor variability; SCav_LS was most reproducible: inter-observer relative mean error was 3.6% for EchoPAC and 4.3% for TomTec and inter-observer LOA were +/- 2.1% for EchoPAC and +/- 2.6% for TomTec. Averaged subcostal LVLS was highly reproducible with inter-observer variability comparable to GLS. Inter-vendor differences in averaged subcostal LVLS were small but statistically significant.
BACKGROUND: Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is considered to be a therapeutic and prognostic marker in the management of breast carcinoma (BC), although discordance rates between primary and metastatic or locally recurrent lesions have been reported. METHODS: One hundred and forty-eight paraffin-embedded BC tissues from patients of mean age 59.27 (33-96) years and corresponding synchronous lymph node metastases were collected and retrospectively studied using immunohistochemistry and fluorescence in situ hybridization to evaluate HER2 status. Fleiss-Cohen weighted k statistics were used to assess the concordance rate between HER2 status of the primary BC and the synchronous metastatic lesions. RESULTS: The overall concordance rate for HER2 was 95.28%. Eighty-nine cases were concordantly HER2-negative in primary BC and nodal metastases, and 52 cases were HER2-positive in both primary and metastatic tumors. Changes in HER2 status between primary BC and corresponding synchronous metastases were observed in seven (4.72%) cases. Three of the discordant cases were HER2-negative in the primary tumor and HER2-positive in the metastases, while four cases were HER2-positive in the primary BC and HER2-negative in the metastases. No significant correlations were identified between HER2 status and expression of hormone receptors, growth fraction (Ki-67), or other histopathological parameters (pT, pN, grade). CONCLUSION: Simultaneous determination of HER2 in BC and corresponding metastatic lymph nodes is not mandatory, but may strongly influence the therapeutic management. It was demonstrated that loss of HER2 amplification results in worse post-relapse survival and overall survival in BC patients and, on the other hand, a gain in HER2 expression in metastatic lymph nodes of BC may allow the possibility of a targeted treatment. Thus, our opinion is that significant prognostic information may be obtained by simultaneous assessment of HER2 status in both primary and synchronous metastatic BC.
EPHA5 is a member of the Eph family of tyrosine kinase receptors, which affect carcinogenesis. The expression level of the EPHA5 receptor in a set of lung adenocarcinoma tissue samples was checked using immunohistochemistry. The relationship between EPHA5 expression and clinicopathological parameters, and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and Braf mutations were analyzed. We also checked the expression level of the EPHA5 receptor in four lung cancer cell lines. High expression of EPHA5 was found in NCI-H460 and H1299 cells, while low expression was observed in A549 and SPC-A1 cells. EPHA5 was knocked down in NCI-H460 and H1299 lung cancer cell lines using siRNAs. The proliferation, clone formation, and invasive ability were analyzed in NCI-H460 and H1299 cells with EPHA5 knockdown. The results show that the EPHA5 receptor is differently expressed in lung adenocarcinoma tissues, in which positive and negative expression of EPHA5 was found in 58.1% and 41.9% of tissues, respectively. Positive expression of EPHA5 was associated with lymph node metastasis (p = 0.002), differentiation (p = 0.020), TNM stage (p = 0.002), and EGFR mutation (p = 0.001). The proliferation, clone formation, and invasive ability were significantly decreased after EPHA5 knockdown in NCI-H460 and H1299 cells. Our data suggest that the EPHA5 receptor plays a role in tumor promotion in lung adenocarcinoma and is a potential target for lung adenocarcinoma treatment.
Lung cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for the major portion (80-85%) of all lung cancer cases. Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are commonly used as the targeted therapy for EGFR-mutated NSCLC. The FDA has approved first-, second- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs as therapeutics options. Osimertinib, the third-generation irreversible EGFR-TKI, has been approved for the treatment of NSCLC patients with the EGFR(T790M) mutation. However, due to the EGFR(C797S) mutation in the kinase domain of EGFR, resistance to osimertinib is observed and that limits the long-term effectiveness of the drug. The C797S mutation is one of the major causes of drug resistance against the third-generation EGFR TKIs. The C797S mutations including EGFR double mutations (19Del/C797S or L858R/C797S) and or EGFR triple mutations (19Del/T790M/C797S or L858R/T790M/C797S) cause major resistance to the third-generation EGFR-TKIs. Therefore, the discovery and development of fourth-generation EGFR-TKIs to target triple mutant EGFR with C797S mutation is a challenging topic in medicinal chemistry research. In this review, we discuss the discovery of novel fourth-generation EGFR TKIs, medicinal chemistry approaches and the strategies to overcome the C797S mutations. In vitro activities of EGFR-TKIs (2019-2024) against mutant EGFR TK, anti-proliferative activities, structural modifications, binding modes of the inhibitors and in vivo efficacies in animal models are discussed here.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is among the most important targets in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Erlotinib and gefitinib, two small molecules, are reversible EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). Non-small cell lung cancers with EGFR mutations, are characterized by excellent responses when treated with the EGFR-TKIs gefitinib and erlotinib. However, all the patients with tumors harbouring EGFR mutations experience disease progression after a median of 10 to 14 months of treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib. A group of new generation EGFR-TKIs irreversibly inhibit EGFR-TK and represent one of the strategies that may potentially overcome the acquired resistance to gefitinib and erlotinib or achieve better outcomes than reversible inhibitors in the first-line treatment of EGFR mutant lung cancers. Afatinib (BIBW 2992) and PF299804 are the irreversible EGFR-TKIs with the most relevant data in the treatment of advanced NSCLC, as primary EGFR-targeted therapy and after resistance to reversible EGFR-TKIs. However, to date, the role of irreversible EGFR inhibitors remains to be defined.
BACKGROUND: Castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths in elder men. This disease has limited therapeutic options and poor prognosis as the underlying molecular mechanisms are not clearly understood. Given the emerging roles of microRNA (miRNA) as a key regulator, we postulated that miRNA may play a significant role in CRPC formation. METHODS: miR-146a levels in 15 androgen-dependent prostate cancer (ADPC) tissues and 5 CRPC tissues were measured by qRT-PCR. Effects of miR-146a in cell proliferation and migration in vitro and in vivo were evaluated by MTT assay, colony formation assay, transwell migratory assay, and tumor formation assay, respectively. RESULTS: we found that miR-146a expression was significantly decreased in CRPC tissues compared to ADPC tissues. Functional analyses showed that ectopic overexpression of miR-146a in androgen-independent cell lines not only inhibited cell growth, colony formation, and migration in vitro, but also reduced tumorigenicity and angiogenesis in vivo. Mechanistic studies revealed that miR-146a repressed the expression of EGFR through binding to its 3'-untranslated region. Also, miR-146a inhibited the expression of MMP2, one of the most important genes in tumor progression. Moreover, downregulation of p-ERK expression significantly abrogated miR-146a-induced prostate cancer cell proliferation. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that ubiquitous loss of miR-146a is a critical mechanism for overexpression of EGFR in CRPC, which is crucial to better understanding the pathogenesis of CRPC.
BACKGROUND: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to dissect the association between PIK3CA mutations and resistance to anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibodies (MoAbs) according to PIK3CA exon of mutations in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). METHODS: We systematically identified studies exploring the association between PIK3CA mutations and clinical outcomes of mCRC patients treated with anti-EGFR MoAbs. The primary clinical outcomes included objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS). The pooled relative risk (RR) or hazard ratio (HR) was estimated by using fixed effect model or random effect model according to heterogeneity between studies. RESULTS: Thirteen studies were considered eligible, with 576 mCRC patients included. In KRAS wild-type mCRC patients, we observed a lower ORR in patients with PIK3CA exon 20 mutations [3 studies, 377 patients; ORR = 0% versus 37%; RR = 0.25; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05-1.19; P = 0.082], although the result was not statistically significant because of the small sample size. Only one study provided survival data according to the PIK3CA exon of the mutations, in which PIK3CA exon 20 mutations were statistically significantly associated with shorter PFS (HR = 2.52; 95% CI 1.33-4.78; P = 0.013) and OS (HR = 3.29; 95% CI 1.60-6.74; P = 0.006) in KRAS wild-type mCRC patients treated with anti-EGFR MoAbs. The predictive power of exon 20 mutation is greater than exon 9 mutations and all exons mutations in terms of ORR, PFS, and OS. CONCLUSION: These analyses suggest that PIK3CA exon 20 mutations may be a potential biomarker for resistance to anti-EGFR MoAbs in KRAS wild-type mCRC.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations are associated with sensitivity to gefitinib or erlotinib in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We investigated the relationships between the two most common types of somatic EGFR mutations, exon 19 deletions and L858R mutations, and clinical outcomes of Korean NSCLC patients after treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In Korean patients with NSCLC, EGFR exon 19 deletions and EGFR L858R mutation were identified from tumor specimens obtained before treatment with gefitinib or erlotinib. The response rates, progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS) were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: A total of 77 patients with either an exon 19 deletion (n = 58) or L858R mutation (n = 19) were treated with gefitinib or erlotinib. The overall response rate was 69%. Patients with an exon 19 deletion had a significantly longer PFS compared with patients with L858R mutation (9.5 vs. 7.7 months; P = 0.029). The L858R mutation was independently associated with a shorter PFS compared with an exon 19 deletion, even after adjusting for other clinical factors (hazard ratio 2.72; 95% CI 1.38-5.38). However, there were no significant differences in response rate (71 vs. 63%) and OS (21.4 vs. 30.7 months) between subjects with exon 19 deletions and L858R mutations, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In Korean NSCLC patients, EGFR exon 19 deletions are associated with longer PFS compared with EGFR L858R mutations. These observations need to be confirmed by large-scale studies of patients.
Invasive lobular breast cancer (ILBC) is a common cause of breast cancer. Prognosis is dependent on many factors such as metastasis location and hormone receptor positivity. A 59-year-old postmenopausal African-American female who was referred to our clinic in May of 2022 presented with a suspicious small bowel lesion seen on surveillance imaging. The patient was diagnosed 15 years prior, with hormone receptor triple positive ILBC of the left breast, T1N2M0. In March of 2021, the patient was admitted to the hospital for rectal bleeding and was also found to have an elevated carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) level. Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis was performed, which revealed a 4 cm segment of proximal ileum that was indeterminate for inflammation, neoplasm, or focal ischemia. The patient ultimately agreed to proceed with a diagnostic laparoscopy to further identify this area and underwent a small bowel resection. The final pathology of this specimen revealed a poorly differentiated, diffuse-type carcinoma with a focal mucinous matrix. The tumor involved the submucosa, serosa, and pericolonic adipose tissue. The morphology was consistent with metastatic carcinoma originating from ILBC. The hormone receptors for this specimen revealed estrogen-receptor (ER) negative, progesterone-receptor (PR) negative, and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) negative. Lobular breast cancer metastasis to the small bowel as well as triple positive to triple negative conversion is exceedingly rare. The recurrence and metastasis of breast cancer are considerably high and the survival rate for these individuals has shown little improvement throughout the last decade. Defining relevant prognostic markers is crucial for improved management with known metastasis and triple negative receptors.
WHAT IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE: We investigated the correlations among signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) rs4796793C >G polymorphism, gefitinib pharmacokinetics and clinical responses in Japanese patients with non-small cell lung cancer receiving gefitinib therapy. METHODS: Forty-five patients were enrolled in this study. Plasma trough concentrations (C(0) ) of gefitinib at the steady-state were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: Patients having a gefitinib C(0) of at least >/=200 ng/mL had significantly longer PFS than patients having a C(0) of <200 ng/mL (median [95% confidence interval (CI)] PFS: 11.0 [8.2-13.7] and 5.3 [0.0-12.0] months, respectively, P = .042). There were no significant differences in PFS between patients with STAT3 rs4796793C/C and G alleles; however, patients with STAT3 rs4796793C/C having a gefitinib C(0) of >/= 200 ng/mL had significantly longer progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) than those with a C(0) of <200 ng/mL (median [95% CI] PFS: 11.4 [4.1-18.6] and 3.0 [0.0-7.0] months, respectively, P = .008; median [95% CI] OS: 20.6 [7.4-33.7] and 12.6 [10.1-15.1] months, respectively, P = .042). In patients with the STAT3 rs4796793G allele, there were no significant differences in PFS and OS between the two gefitinib C(0) groups. In addition, there were no significant differences in PFS or OS according to smoking, presence of proton pump inhibitor combination, or onset of side effects. WHAT IS NEW AND CONCLUSION: Clinical outcomes of gefitinib in patients with the STAT3 rs4796793C/C genotype depended on plasma concentrations of gefitinib. In addition to information regarding EGFR mutations, the STAT3 rs4796793C >G polymorphism and gefitinib C(0) may be potential predictors of clinical outcomes after beginning of gefitinib therapy.
Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), a subtype of lung cancer, remains one of the most common tumors with a high mortality and morbidity rate. Numerous targeted drugs were implemented or are now developed for the treatment of NSCLC. Two genes, HER2 and MET, are among targets for these specific therapeutic agents. Alterations in HER2 and MET could lead to primary or acquired resistance to commonly used anti-EGFR drugs. Using current methods for detecting HER2 and MET amplifications is time and labor-consuming; alternative methods are required for HER2 and MET testing. We developed the first multiplex droplet digital PCR assay for the simultaneous detection of MET and HER2 amplification in NSCLC samples. The suitability of qPCR was assessed for the optimization of multiplex ddPCR. The optimal elongation temperature, reference genes for DNA quantification, and amplicon length were selected. The developed ddPCR was validated on control samples with various DNA concentrations and ratios of MET and HER2 genes. Using ddPCR, 436 EGFR-negative NSCLC samples were analyzed. Among the tested samples, five specimens (1.15%) showed a higher ratio of MET, and six samples (1.38%) showed a higher ratio of HER2. The reported multiplex ddPCR assay could be used for the routine screening of MET and HER2 amplification in NSCLC samples.
BACKGROUND: Following neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) for breast cancer, changes in estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), HER2 status, and Ki-67 index (IHC4 status) and its correlation with pathological complete response (pCR) or relapse-free survival (RFS) rates could lead to better understanding of tumor management. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Pre- and post-NACT IHC4 status and its changes were analyzed in 156 patients with breast cancer. Associations between pCR, RFS rates to IHC4 status pre- and post-NACT were investigated. RESULTS: pCR was found in 25.3% patients. Both ER and PR positive tumors had the lowest (14.3%) pCR compared to ER and PR negative (29%) or either ER-/PR-positive (38.6%) tumors. PR positivity was significantly associated with less likelihood of pCR (15% versus 34%). The pCR rate was low for luminal A subtype (13.68%) compared to 24.36%, 26.31%, and 33.33% for luminal B, HER2-enriched, and triple-negative subtypes, respectively. There was significant reduction in ER expression and Ki-67 index post-NACT. RFS of patients in whom the hormonal status changed from positive to negative was better compared to those of patients in whom the hormonal status changed from negative to positive. CONCLUSION: Although changes in IHC4 occurred post-NACT, pre-NACT hazard ratio status prognosticated RFS better. pCR and RFS rates were lower in PR-positive tumors.
BACKGROUND: Event-free survival (EFS) has been listed on the FDA Table of Surrogate Endpoints as a surrogate measure that can be considered for accelerated or traditional approval in breast cancer. However, no studies have evaluated the correlation between the treatment effects on EFS and treatment effects on overall survival (OS). METHODS: We performed a systematic search of the literature until May 2020 according to the PRISMA guideline for all published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in early breast cancer in the neoadjuvant setting. Data on EFS and OS, including the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), were extracted from each study and the association between the trial-level EFS HR and the trial-level OS HR was estimated using a linear mixed-effects model on the log scale. FINDINGS: Of the 7 RCTs (N = 2211) included in the analysis, 5 included patients with HER2 positive tumor type. The estimated linear association between log HR EFS and log HR OS indicated a positive slope ( beta  = 0.58 [95% CI: -0.32-1.48]) and the coefficient of determination confirmed a moderate trial-level association between log HRs for OS and EFS (R(2) 0.76 [95% CI 0.34-1.00], but with wide confidence intervals. INTERPRETATION: Treatment effects in EFS are moderately correlated with treatment effects in OS in early breast cancer in the neoadjuvant setting, but the association was not significant. Thus, there is currently insufficient evidence to support EFS for use as a surrogate endpoint for traditional approval, although it may be considered for accelerated approval. FUNDING: Arnold Ventures.
INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer remains a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Given the central role of cyclin-dependent kinases in regulating cell division, there has been a longstanding interest in developing compounds which target the cyclin D1: CDK4/6 axis in breast cancer. The recent discovery of potent and selective CDK4/6 inhibitors (CDK4/6i) was an important breakthrough. AREAS COVERED: There are three CDK4/6i in clinical development (palbociclib, ribociclib and abemaciclib). Phase II and III studies using palbociclib in combination with endocrine therapy demonstrated remarkable clinical activity in women with hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced breast cancer, resulting in two separate FDA approvals in 2015 and 2016. In this article, we review the preclinical and clinical development of these compounds as well as discussing the role for novel applications of these agents outside the arena of HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer. EXPERT OPINION: In combination with endocrine therapy, CDK4/6i have shown promising efficacy in patients with advanced HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer. Numerous trials in a variety of clinical settings and in different tumor types are ongoing or planned.
Boron neutron capture therapy (BNCT) is a rapidly developing field of radiation therapy for cancer that is based on the accumulation of the radiosensitive 10B isotope in cancer cells, followed by tumor irradiation with thermal neutrons. Widespread use of BNCT in clinical practice remains limited because of the poor accumulation of boron-containing (10B) drugs in the tumor or their high toxicity to the body. This study focuses on the engineering of tumor-specific liposomes loaded with 4-L-boronophenylalanine (4-L-10BPA) for application in boron neutron capture therapy. According to the spectrophotometry and ICP-mass spectroscopy data, the 4-L-10BPA-to-liposome molar ratio is ~ 120,000. Liposomal targeting of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) was determined by HER2-specific designed ankyrin repeat protein (DARPin)_9-29 on the outer surface of liposomes. DARPin-modified liposomes were found to bind to HER2-overexpressing cells and be effectively internalized into the cytoplasm. The ability of DARPin-functionalized liposomes to precision-deliver large quantities of 4-L-10BPA into cancer cells may open up new prospects for BNCT.
The tumor suppressor gene FBXW7 is mutated in numerous types of human cancers leading to loss of its function and/or expression. However the clinic significance of FBXW7 alterations remains largely unknown. Here, we carried out a meta-analysis of 10 gene expression microarray studies for a total 1900 patients of breast cancer with clinic information to evaluate the prognostic impact of FBXW7 mRNA expression. The FBXW7 mRNA levels significantly reduced in breast cancer compared to normal tissues. In addition, significant difference in the FBXW7 mRNA levels was found among molecular subtypes (normal-like, luminal A, luminal B, ERBB2 and basal). ERBB2 and basal tumors had significantly lower average FBXW7 mRNA level than normal-like tumors, whereas luminal A and B tumors have the lowest average FBXW7 mRNA level. The patients with higher FBXW7 mRNA level significantly increased disease-free survival, particularly in the group of patients with ER negative and basal subtype tumors. Moreover, higher FBXW7 mRNA level also significantly increased overall survival in the patients with ER negative tumors. But we strikingly found opposite effect of FBXW7 expression on overall survival in different subtypes. The patients with higher FBXW7 mRNA level significantly decreased overall survival in normal-like subtype while the patients with higher FBXW7 mRNA level significantly increased overall survival in ERBB2 and Basal subtype. Taken together, our results suggest that FBXW7 mRNA levels were a prognostic factor for disease-free and overall survival according to ER status and molecular subtypes.
BACKGROUND: Paclitaxel has recently been reported by this laboratory to potentiate the high-LET radiation therapeutic (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab, which targets HER2. To elucidate mechanisms associated with this therapy, targeted alpha-particle radiation therapeutic (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab together with paclitaxel was investigated for the treatment of disseminated peritoneal cancers. METHODS: Mice bearing human colon cancer LS-174T intraperitoneal xenografts were pre-treated with paclitaxel, followed by treatment with (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab and compared with groups treated with paclitaxel alone, (212)Pb-TCMC-HuIgG, (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab and (212)Pb-TCMC-HuIgG after paclitaxel pre-treatment. RESULTS: (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab with paclitaxel given 24 h earlier induced increased mitotic catastrophe and apoptosis. The combined modality of paclitaxel and (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab markedly reduced DNA content in the S-phase of the cell cycle with a concomitant increase observed in the G2/M-phase. This treatment regimen also diminished phosphorylation of histone H3, accompanied by an increase in multi-micronuclei, or mitotic catastrophe in nuclear profiles and positively stained gammaH2AX foci. The data suggests, possible effects on the mitotic spindle checkpoint by the paclitaxel and (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab treatment. Consistent with this hypothesis, (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab treatment in response to paclitaxel reduced expression and phosphorylation of BubR1, which is likely attributable to disruption of a functional Aurora B, leading to impairment of the mitotic spindle checkpoint. In addition, the reduction of BubR1 expression may be mediated by the association of a repressive transcription factor, E2F4, on the promoter region of BubR1 gene. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that the sensitisation to therapy of (212)Pb-TCMC-trastuzumab by paclitaxel may be associated with perturbation of the mitotic spindle checkpoint, leading to increased mitotic catastrophe and cell death.
BRAF-activating mutations are the most frequent driver mutations in papillary thyroid cancer (PTC). Targeted inhibitors such as dabrafenib have been used in advanced BRAF-mutated PTC; however, acquired resistance to the drug is common and little is known about other effectors that may play integral roles in this resistance. In addition, the induction of PTC dedifferentiation into highly aggressive KRAS-driven anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC) has been reported. We detected a novel RAC1 (P34R) mutation acquired during dabrafenib treatment in a progressive metastatic lesion with ATC phenotype. To identify a potential functional link between this novel mutation and tumor dedifferentiation, we developed a cell line derived from the metastatic lesion and compared its behavior to isogenic cell lines and primary tumor samples. Our data demonstrated that RAC1 mutations induce changes in cell morphology, reorganization of F-actin almost exclusively at the cell cortex, and changes in cell adhesion properties. We also established that RAC1 amplification, with or without mutation, is sufficient to drive cell proliferation and resistance to BRAF inhibition. Further, we identified polyploidy of chromosome 7, which harbors RAC1, in both the metastatic lesion and its derived cell line. Copy number amplification and overexpression of other genes located on this chromosome, such as TWIST1, EGFR, and MET were also detected, which might also lead to dabrafenib resistance. Our study suggests that polyploidy leading to increased expression of specific genes, particularly those located on chromosome 7, should be considered when analyzing aggressive thyroid tumor samples and in further treatments.
Platelet-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) is a hematological parameter which is investigated as a biomarker for prognosis in patients with breast cancer. Due to the controversial results from previous studies, we performed a meta-analysis. Databases of PubMed, Embase and Web of Science were searched to identify eligible studies. STATA version 12.0 was used for statistical analysis. Seven studies with 3,741 patients were ultimately included in this meta-analysis. High PLR was associated with poor overall survival (OS) (HR = 1.55, 95% CI = 1.07-2.25, p = 0.022) and disease-free survival (DFS) (HR = 1.73, 95% CI = 1.3-2.3, p < 0.001) in breast cancer patients. Subgroup analyses disclosed that elevated PLR could predict worse OS in Asian populations and poor DFS in both Asian and non-Asian patients. In addition, PLR remains a significant prognostic marker for OS in patients receiving systemic treatment (HR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.06-2.99, p = 0.03) and patients receiving chemotherapy (HR = 2.82, 95% CI = 1.09-7.26, p = 0.032). High PLR also indicates poor DFS in patients who receive chemotherapy (HR = 2.6, 95% CI = 1.47-4.61, p = 0.001), surgery (HR = 1.8, 95% CI = 1.12-2.89, p = 0.016) and systemic treatment (HR = 2.03, 95% CI = 1.03-4.01, p = 0.042). Moreover, PLR was also in association with HER-2 positivity (OR = 1.48, 95% CI = 1.2-1.83, p < 0.001). In conclusion, this meta-analysis revealed that PLR could serve as an indicator of poor prognosis in patients with breast cancer.
PURPOSE: Globally, around 1.67 million new cases of breast cancer are diagnosed each year, with advanced breast cancer (ABC-Stage III) and metastatic breast cancer (MBC-Stage IV) together accounting for up to 22% of incident cases. Hormone receptor-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HR(+)/HER2(-)) breast cancer comprises 66% of ABC/MBC. Understanding disease-specific health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction with treatments currently available for HR(+)/HER2(-) ABC/MBC in clinical practice is essential for assessing potential unmet need in this patient population. METHODS: Data on treatment patterns in patients with HR(+)/HER2(-) ABC/MBC were collected from oncology practices across the United States and Europe in a cross-sectional study in a clinical practice setting, the Adelphi Real World Advanced Breast Cancer Disease Specific Programme. A subset of patients included in the study completed several self-reported tools, including the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Breast and the Cancer Therapy Satisfaction Questionnaire. Analyses were conducted using data from the overall cohort and stratified by current treatment, metastatic sites, and number of prior therapy lines. FINDINGS: Overall, 739 patients were recruited by 173 oncologists; 83% of patients had MBC, with the balance having ABC. The majority of patients with MBC had visceral metastases without bone metastases, and similar percentages of the total study population ( approximately 40%) were receiving chemotherapy and endocrine therapy. Patients receiving only endocrine therapy had significantly better cancer-specific quality of life than did those receiving chemotherapy. Endocrine therapy also associated with fewer concerns about side effects and higher treatment satisfaction than chemotherapy. Statistically lower scores, indicating poorer well-being, were observed in patients with both bone and visceral metastases compared with those with either bone-only or visceral-only metastases for all but the Social/Family Well-Being and Functional Well-Being domains of the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Breast. Patients with bone and visceral metastases had significantly greater concerns about treatment side effects than those with metastases at other sites. Receipt of a greater number of prior lines of therapy was associated with poorer well-being scores. There was a significant negative association between number of lines of treatment and treatment expectations. IMPLICATIONS: Findings from this study from clinical practice suggest that treatment outcomes in HR(+)/HER2(-) ABC/MBC could be optimized through improved understanding of the impact that components of patient care have on health-related quality of life and treatment satisfaction.
BACKGROUND: Previously published studies report up to 30% recurrence rates after DCIS, so it would be desirable to identify those women at risk for recurrence and adapt adjuvant management. This study aimed to identify the locoregional recurrence rate after breast conserving surgery (BCS) for DCIS, and to evaluate the possible role of immunohistochemical (IHC) staining in predicting the risk of recurrence. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a retrospective cohort study, patients who underwent BCS for pure DCIS were identified. Data on well-established clinical-pathological risk factors and development of locoregional recurrence was gathered from patient files. In addition, IHC stains of ER, PR, HER2, p53, and ki67 were performed on original tumor samples. Univariable Cox regression analyses were performed to identify possible risk factors for locoregional recurrence. RESULTS: 190 patients were included. At a median follow-up time of 12.8 years fifteen (8%) patients developed locoregional recurrence: 7 invasive cancer and 8 DCIS. These recurrences were diagnosed within a range of 1.7 to 19.6 years after the initial diagnosis. Univariable Cox regression analysis did only show a significant association between p53 and locoregional recurrence. Our re-excision rate to obtain free margins was 30.5%, and 90% received radiotherapy. Endocrine treatment was not used. CONCLUSIONS: At 12.8 years follow-up, patients with DCIS treated with BCS have a very low locoregional recurrence of 8%. Although we could demonstrate that increased p53 expression is a risk factor for locoregional recurrence, we think this is of little clinical value in our population with such a low recurrence rate. MICROABSTRACT: With a published recurrence rate up to 30% after DCIS, it would be desirable to identify those at risk to adapt treatment and follow-up. We aimed to evaluate the role of immunohistochemical staining to determine the risk of locoregional recurrence, in addition to established clinical and pathological risk factors. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, we found a locoregional recurrence rate of 8%. Increased expression of p53 is associated with an increased risk of locoregional recurrence.
The Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) is frequently found to be mutated in non-small cell lung cancer. Oncogenic EGFR has been successfully targeted by tyrosine kinase inhibitors, but acquired drug resistance eventually overcomes the efficacy of these treatments. Attempts to surmount this therapeutic challenge are hindered by a poor understanding of how and why cancer mutations specifically amplify ligand-independent EGFR auto-phosphorylation signals to enhance cell survival and how this amplification is related to ligand-dependent cell proliferation. Here we show that drug-resistant EGFR mutations manipulate the assembly of ligand-free, kinase-active oligomers to promote and stabilize the assembly of oligomer-obligate active dimer sub-units and circumvent the need for ligand binding. We reveal the structure and assembly mechanisms of these ligand-free, kinase-active oligomers, uncovering oncogenic functions for hitherto orphan transmembrane and kinase interfaces, and for the ectodomain tethered conformation of EGFR. Importantly, we find that the active dimer sub-units within ligand-free oligomers are the high affinity binding sites competent to bind physiological ligand concentrations and thus drive tumor growth, revealing a link with tumor proliferation. Our findings provide a framework for future drug discovery directed at tackling oncogenic EGFR mutations by disabling oligomer-assembling interactions.
Breast density is a modifiable trait linked with breast cancer predisposition. However, the relation between mammographic breast density and survival outcome is not yet clarified. The present study aims to study the prognostic value of mammographic density in patients diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer. In this observational study, breast cancer patients with metastatic disease at diagnosis were enrolled. Two-view mammograms were performed at diagnosis, and breast density was quantitatively assessed. Progression-free survival (PFS) was correlated with breast density and other prognostic variables in univariate and multivariate analyses. PFS, stratified by different prognostic factors, was assessed in low compared to high density patients to check for possible differential survival outcome in patients' subgroups. Among the sixty enrolled patients, median PFS in low density patients was significantly better than those with high density (18.4 months, 95 % CI 14.88-22.15 vs. 9.3 months, 95 % CI 8.51-13.60, respectively, p = 0.002). Significant correlation of breast density with PFS persisted after adjustment by body mass index (p = 0.003) and after multivariate analysis incorporating other prognostic variables (HR 6.16, 95 % CI (2.17-17.48), p = 0.001). PFS was better in low density patients older than 40 years at diagnosis (p = 0.001), with HER2-negative disease (p = 0.015), hormonal receptor-positive phenotype (p = 0.020), patients with single site of metastasis (p = 0.006), and patients with bone-only metastases (p = 0.042). Breast density assessed at the time of diagnosis was significantly correlated with PFS of metastatic breast cancer patients. Survival outcome is improved in certain patients' subgroups with low breast density.
Overexpression and deregulation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are implicated in multiple human cancers and therefore are a focus for the development of therapeutics. Current strategies aimed at inhibiting EGFR activity include monoclonal antibodies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors. However, activating mutations severely limit the efficacy of these therapeutics. There is thus a growing need for novel methods to inhibit EGFR. One promising approach involves blocking the association of the cytoplasmic juxtamembrane (JM) domain of EGFR, which has been shown to be essential for receptor dimerization and kinase function. Here, we aim to improve the selectivity and efficacy of an EGFR JM peptide mimic by utilizing the pH(low) insertion peptide (pHLIP), a unique molecule that can selectively target cancer cells solely based on their extracellular acidity. This delivery strategy potentially allows for more selective targeting to tumors than current methods and for anchoring the peptide mimic to the cytoplasmic leaflet of the plasma membrane, increasing its local concentration and thus efficacy. We show that the conjugated construct is capable of inhibiting EGFR phosphorylation and downstream signaling and of inducing concentration- and pH-dependent toxicity in cervical cancer cells. We envision that this approach could be expanded to the modulation of other single-span membrane receptors whose activity is mediated by JM domains.
Breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer diagnosed among women. A cancer vaccine has been recognized as a form of immunotherapy with a prominent position in the prevention and treatment of breast cancer. The majority of current breast cancer vaccination strategies aim to stimulate antitumor T-cell responses of the HER2/neu oncogene, which is abnormally expressed in breast cancer cells. However, the role of the B-cell humoral response is often underappreciated in the cancer vaccine design. We have advanced this idea by elucidating the role of B-cells in cancer vaccination by designing a chimeric antigenic peptide possessing both cytotoxic T lymphocytes (GP2) and B-cell (P4) peptide epitopes derived from HER2/neu. The chimeric peptide (GP2-P4) was further conjugated to a carrier protein (KLH), forming a KLH-GP2-P4 conjugate. The immunogenicity of KLH-GP2-P4 was compared with KLH-GP2 (lacking the B-cell epitope) in BALB/c mice. Mice immunized with KLH-GP2-P4 elicited more potent antigen-specific neutralizing antibodies against syngeneic TUBO cells (cancer cell line overexpressing HER2/neu) that was governed by a balanced Th1/Th2 polarization in comparison to KLH-GP2. Subsequently, these immune responses led to greater inhibition of tumor growth and longer survival in TUBO tumor-bearing mice in both prophylactic and therapeutic challenge experiments. Overall, our data demonstrated that the B-cell epitope has a profound effect in orchestrating an efficacious antitumor immunity. Thus, a multi-epitope peptide vaccine encompassing cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, T-helper and B-cell epitopes represents a promising strategy in developing cancer vaccines with a preventive and therapeutic modality for the effective management of breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Determination of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status is standard for predicting prognosis and determining treatment options for patients with breast cancer. In 2010, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) and College of American Pathologists (CAP) issued guidelines that tumors with >/=1% positively staining cells should be considered ER positive. Here, we determined how this cutoff relates to molecular subtype. METHODS: Clinicopathological characteristics were compared between ER-negative, ER-positive, and low-ER-staining (1-10%) tumors using chi-square analysis with P<0.05 defining statistical significance. Gene expression data were generated for 26 low-ER-staining tumors, and their intrinsic subtype determined. Immunohistochemistry (IHC)-defined surrogate subtypes, using the threshold of positivity defined by ASCO/CAP guidelines, were compared with molecular subtypes. RESULTS: Low-ER-staining tumors were clinicopathologically more similar to ER-negative than to ER-positive tumors; 88% of low-staining tumors were basal like or HER2 enriched. Only those tumors expressing 10% ER-positive cells were classified as luminal A subtype. CONCLUSIONS: Under ASCO/CAP guidelines, tumors with 1-10% ER staining would be classified as ER positive, yet most are basal like or HER2 enriched and have pathological features similar to ER-negative tumors. Clinical trials seeking to treat tumors of ER-negative basal-like and/or HER2-enriched subtypes should thus not preclude enrollment based solely on results of ER immunohistochemistry. As ER status is a critical element in the choice of treatments for patients with breast cancer, it is imperative that the most effective method for classifying tumors be developed.
The present study was conducted to investigate the prognostic significance of co-expression patterna of HER-2, IL-6, TNF-a and TGF-beta1 in breast cancer, by correlating the number of markers with positive expression with clinicopathological characteristics indicative of tumor progression and overall survival. One hundred thirty consecutive patients with primary breast cancer were prospectively included and evaluated. Serum concentrations of the above markers were measured by ELISA. Median split was used to subdivide patients with marker positive or negative expression. The presence of >/= 3 positive markers was independently associated with extended lymph node (>3) involvement (aOR, 11.94, p=0.001) and lymphovascular invasion (aOR, 12.04, p=0.018), increasing the prognostic significance of each marker considered separately. Additional prognostic information regarding survival was also provided; as the number of positive markers increased, a gradually reduction of survival time was observed. In addition, patients with 4 positive markers had significantly shorter survival (25 vs 39 months, p=0.006) and a more than 4 fold increased risk of death (aHR, 4.35, p=0.003) compared to patients with 3 positive markers. Our findings suggest that the coexpression pattern of these four markers could be used clinically as a useful marker for tumor extension and outcome of breast cancer.
To obtain this dataset, two human HER2-positive breast cancer cell lines (SKBR3 and MDA-MB-453 cell lines) were cultured in basal growth media to 80% confluence. Cells were passaged and total RNA extracted, RNA converted to cDNA and diluted to a working concentration of 40 ng/microL. Gene expression panels of cancer markers including Fibroblast growth factors (FGF), FGF receptors (FGFRs), cyclin-dependent kinases, cytokeratins, and WNT pathway components were then examined using Q-PCR. Gene expression was normalised against the expression of the endogenous gene 18S. This article describes the data used in the research article "Syndecan-4 regulates the HER2-positive breast cancer cell proliferation cells via CK19/AKT signaling" [1]. The data presented demonstrates the range of gene expression profiles of these cells and aims to provide more detail of all gene expression changes observed in these cell lines.
CDK12 is essential for cellular processes like RNA processing, transcription, and cell cycle regulation, inhibiting cancer cell growth and facilitating macrophage invasion. CDK12 is a significant oncogenic factor in various cancers, including HER2-positive breast cancer, Anaplastic thyroid carcinoma, Hepatocellular carcinoma, prostate cancer, and Ewing sarcoma. It is also regarded as a potential biomarker, emphasizing its broader significance in oncology. Targeting CDK12 offers a promising strategy to develop therapy. Various monoclonal antibodies have drawn wide attention, but they are expensive compared to small-molecule inhibitors, limiting their accessibility and affordability for patients. Consequently, this research aims to identify effective CDK12 inhibitors using comprehensive high-throughput virtual screening. RASPD protocol has been employed to screen three different databases against the target followed by drug-likeness, molecular docking, ADME, toxicity, Consensus molecular docking, MD Simulation, and in-vitro studies MTT assay. The research conducted yielded one compound ZINC11784547 has demonstrated robust binding affinity, favorable ADME features, less toxicity, remarkable stability, and cytotoxic effect. The identified compound holds promise for promoting cancer cell death through CDK12 inhibition.
We report an interesting case of a 52-year-old postmenopausal female who presented with a 2-month history of headache, tingling sensation, and sharp shooting pain over the left face, followed by left facial paresthesia with pain over the maxillary region. Magnetic resonance imaging scan revealed presence of enplaque altered signal intensity soft-tissue lesion along the left 5(th) nerve from its origin at pons, and positron emission tomography with concurrent computed tomography showed a 2.9 cm x 2.6 cm intensely (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose-avid breast mass, in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast. Core-needle biopsy revealed infiltrating ductal carcinoma. Her estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and Her2-neu analysis suggested triple-negative breast cancer. She was managed with cranial radiotherapy and palliative chemotherapy. The patient responded very well to radiotherapy and chemotherapy with complete improvement in her neurological symptoms and now she is under regular follow-up for chemotherapy for 8 months without any subjective or objective progression of the disease. Isolated cranial neuropathy may be an early harbinger of metastatic breast cancer, so we should search for the primary malignancy. TNBC is associated with early central nervous system metastasis because of heterogeneity in the biology of the disease. Whole-brain radiotherapy and palliative chemotherapy are the best available treatment modalities.
A novel sulfamoylphenyl-dihydro-thiadiazole derivative (compound 14) has been designed and synthesized as a dual inhibitor targeting EGFR and human carbonic anhydrases (hCA_IX and hCA_XII). Computational studies, including density functional theory (DFT), molecular docking, and molecular dynamics simulations, confirmed its stability, favorable binding interactions, and reactivity profiles. Compound 14 showed potent inhibition of EGFR (IC(5)(0) = 10.12 +/- 0.29 nM), hCA_IX and hCA_XII (IC(5)(0) = 79 +/- 1.2 nM and 58 +/- 0.9 nM, respectively). Cytotoxicity assays demonstrated selective activity against cancer cells, with IC(5)(0) values of 16.13 microM in MDA-MB-231 and 22.57 microM in MCF-7 cells, compared to 148.32 microM in non-cancerous Vero cells. Compared to acetazolamide, compound 14 exhibited improved selectivity for cancer cells. Apoptosis studies revealed significant cell death in MDA-MB-231 cells, with early and late apoptosis rates of 22.50% and 58.27%, respectively, alongside a marked G1-phase cell cycle arrest (49.10% in treated cells vs. 44.98% in controls). In silico toxicological evaluations indicated a favorable safety profile, with low irritancy and acceptable rat oral LD(5)(0) (15.81 mg/kg) and carcinogenic potency (TD(5)(0) = 36.95). Compound 14's potent dual inhibition and selective cytotoxicity make it a promising candidate for further optimization and in vivo studies.
The efficacy of treatments in patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with leptomeningeal metastases (LMs) remains unclear. Epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) play an important role in the treatment of patients with NSCLC. However, few studies have investigated the efficacy of combination therapy with TKIs and whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT) in patients with NSCLC/LM. We report here the case of a male patient in his 60s with adenocarcinoma who underwent lobectomy of the right upper lobe. The cancer was classified as pT1bN1M0 Stage IIA, and a mutational analysis revealed the presence of an EGFR mutation. However, 6 months after standard chemotherapy, LM had developed and WBRT was administered. Gefitinib (250 mg/day) was administered after WBRT. The patient remained free of significant recurrent disease for 57 months after WBRT was administered. Combination therapy with TKIs and WBRT is associated with relatively long survival times in patients with LM.
Gene expression networks are complicated by the assortment of regulatory factors that bind DNA and modulate transcription combinatorially. Single-cell measurements can reveal biological mechanisms hidden by population averages, but their value has not been fully explored in the context of mRNA regulation. Here, we adapted a single-cell expression profiling technique to examine the gene expression program downstream of Forkhead box O (FOXO) transcription factors during 3D breast epithelial acinar morphogenesis. By analyzing patterns of mRNA fluctuations among individual matrix-attached epithelial cells, we found that a subset of FOXO target genes was jointly regulated by the transcription factor Runt-related transcription factor 1 (RUNX1). Knockdown of RUNX1 causes hyperproliferation and abnormal morphogenesis, both of which require normal FOXO function. Down-regulating RUNX1 and FOXOs simultaneously causes widespread oxidative stress, which arrests proliferation and restores normal acinar morphology. In hormone-negative breast cancers lacking human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) amplification, we find that RUNX1 down-regulation is strongly associated with up-regulation of FOXO1, which may be required to support growth of RUNX1-negative tumors. The coordinate function of these two tumor suppressors may provide a failsafe mechanism that inhibits cancer progression.
RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: Accurate risk stratification in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive surgically resectable advanced gastric cancer (HER2-p SRAGC) can strengthen monitoring for high-risk patients, allowing timely HER2-specific treatment and potentially improving prognosis. Therefore, we aimed to develop a CT radiomics model for predicting outcomes in HER2-p SRAGC and compare it with the 8th edition TNM staging system. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 621 HER2-p SRAGC patients who received either radical gastrectomy or radical gastrectomy after neoadjuvant therapy or chemotherapy were retrospectively enrolled in two hospitals and assigned to a training (n=330), an internal validation (n=143) and an external validation (n=148) cohorts. A radiomics model incorporating Radscore and clinical scores was constructed. Model performance was assessed by Kaplan-Meier estimator, Log-rank test, and Harrell's C-index. RESULTS: The radiomics model was correlated with the overall survival (OS) across all cohorts, with C-indexes of 0.711[95% confidence interval (CI): 0.666-0.756; p<0.001; training], 0.669 (95%CI: 0.585-0.753; p=0.009; internal validation) and 0.693 (95%CI: 0.597-0.789; p=0.015; external validation). In all study cohorts, the radiomics model successfully stratified patients into high-risk and low-risk groups, and outweighed individual scores, pathological staging (pTNM), and clinical staging (cTNM) but was inferior to post-neoadjuvant therapy staging (ypTNM). Additionally, the radiomics model had added value to the prognostic efficacy of pTNM and was unaffected by patient age and gender. CONCLUSION: The radiomics model delivers individualized prognosis prediction of HER2-p SRAGC, surpassing clinical scores, and both pTNM and cTNM in forecasting OS. It confers incremental benefit to pTNM and exhibits certain universality across patient types. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Retrospectively registered.
Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths among women worldwide. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) overexpression is significantly associated with higher breast tumor proliferation rates. MFCH401, a 9-mer specific peptide fragment (DTILWKDIF) in the extracellular domain of the HER2 protein, is an attractive epitope for developing anti-HER2 cancer vaccines. However, the inherent low immunogenicity of MFCH401 limits its application. Herein, to induce a stronger and more durable immune response, a self-adjuvanting MFCH401-conjugated multiple-component anti-HER2 cancer vaccine was designed and synthesized by incorporating MFCH401 with lipopeptide Pam(3)CSK(4) and a helper T cell epitope derived from tetanus toxoid P2 via an iterative condensation reaction. In vivo immunological evaluation demonstrated that the tricomponent anti-HER2 vaccine induced stronger humoral and cellular immune responses than the two-component conjugates. In addition, the induced antibodies effectively bound to HER2-overexpressing human BT474 cells. Our data clearly indicated that the MFCH401-based tricomponent anti-HER2 cancer vaccine could effectively enhance the immunogenicity of MFCH401. Structure-activity relationship analysis demonstrated that Pam(3)CSK(4) confers better immunostimulatory activity than the helper T cell epitope P2 when conjugated with MFCH401.
Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death among women worldwide. Despite the overall successes in breast cancer therapy, hormone-independent HER2 negative breast cancer, also known as triple negative breast cancer (TNBC), lacking estrogens and progesterone receptors and with an excessive expression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), along with the hormone-independent HER2 positive subtype, still remain major challenges in breast cancer treatment. Due to their poor prognoses, aggressive phenotype, and highly metastasis features, new alternative therapies have become an urgent clinical need. One of the most noteworthy phytochemicals, curcumin, has attracted enormous attention as a promising drug candidate in breast cancer prevention and treatment due to its multi-targeting effect. Curcumin interrupts major stages of tumorigenesis including cell proliferation, survival, angiogenesis, and metastasis in hormone-independent breast cancer through the modulation of multiple signaling pathways. The current review has highlighted the anticancer activity of curcumin in hormone-independent breast cancer via focusing on its impact on key signaling pathways including the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway, JAK/STAT pathway, MAPK pathway, NF-kB pathway, p53 pathway, and Wnt/beta-catenin, as well as apoptotic and cell cycle pathways. Besides, its therapeutic implications in clinical trials are here presented.
BACKGROUND: Oral carcinoma is one of the most frequently occurring cancers among Indian men. We conducted this study to find out any association between epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) overexpression by immunohistochemical methods with histopathological prognostic parameters like pathological tumor (pT) staging, tumor grade, lymph nodal involvement, extranodal extension (ENE), perineural invasion (PNI), lymphovascular invasion (LVI), and worst pattern of invasion (WPOI). MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted in Pathology Department of our institute between December 2021 and November 2022, and a total of 113 confirmed cases of oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) were included in our study. Clinicopathological parameters were recorded, and EGFR expression by immunohistochemistry was evaluated in these patients. The association of EGFR overexpression and the different histopathological parameters according to the College of American Pathologists (CAP) protocol was determined. RESULTS: Out of 113 cases, 52 cases (46%) were positive for EGFR overexpression on immunohistochemistry. Significant association of EGFR overexpression was noted with pT stage, nodal status N0 versus N1-N2, ENE, PNI, LVI, and WPOI, with P value <0.05. No significant association was noted with tumor grade and nodal status N0-N1 versus N2-N3. CONCLUSION: EGFR overexpression can be used as a prognostic marker in addition to histopathological parameters. One can opt for wedge resection in place of extensive surgery if small punch biopsies show EGFR negativity and radiology shows uninvolved lymph nodes. In addition, in EGFR-positive OSCC cases, targeted therapy could be opted to avoid chemotherapy-related toxicity and increase patient survival.
BACKGROUND: Anaplastic thyroid carcinoma (ATC) is one of the most lethal cancers because of its aggressiveness and the lack of efficacious therapy. Epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a major catechin in green tea, was shown to possess remarkable therapeutic potential against various types of human cancer cells in in vitro and in vivo models. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of EGCG on the proliferation and apoptosis of ARO cells--human ATC cells. STUDY DESIGN: Experimental study. METHODS: Human ATC cell line, ARO, was treated with EGCG. Cell viability was assessed by MTT assay. Inhibition of EGFR/MAPK pathway and cell cycle-related proteins by EGCG were measured by Western blot analysis. In addition, cell cycle analysis was measured by flow cytometry. RESULTS: EGCG treatment inhibited the growth of ARO cells in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, EGCG suppressed phosphorylation of EGFR, ERK1/2, JNK, and p38. These changes were associated with increased p21 and reduced cyclin B1/CDK1 expression. In addition, EGCG treatment increased the accumulation of sub-G1 cell, activated caspase-3 and cleaved PARP. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, EGCG inhibits cell proliferation and induces apoptosis via suppression of the EGFR/ERK pathway and cyclin B1/CDK1 complex in ATC cells.
BACKGROUND: No 'gold standard' exists for single-agent chemotherapy of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-negative) metastatic breast cancer (MBC) in the second-line. The objective of this systematic review is to identify and appraise overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), time to progression (TTP) and Grade >/=3 adverse event evidence for single-agent chemotherapy in this setting. METHODS: MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library were searched to October 2013, and PubMed October 2013 to November 2014. Electronic database searches were supplemented with hand searching of reference lists and conferences. Eligible randomised controlled trials (RCTs) employed at least one single-agent chemotherapy treatment, enrolled HER2-negative or unselected MBC patients who had progressed following first-line chemotherapy within the metastatic setting, and reported outcomes of interest for the second-line setting. RESULTS: Fifty-three RCTs were included in total, with most containing mixed populations by HER2 status and treatment line. Fourteen studies reported data specifically for second- and later-line treatment within the metastatic setting. Median overall survival (OS) in most trials was 8-13 months. Only one trial reported a significant difference between studied interventions in the second-line metastatic setting: nab-paclitaxel (n=131) conferred a statistically significant OS advantage vs. three-weekly paclitaxel (n=136) (median OS 13.0 vs. 10.7 months, respectively; hazard ratio 0.73, p=0.024) and improved overall safety. CONCLUSION: One RCT demonstrated significant benefit in this setting in confirmed HER2-negative MBC alongside favourable safety. Treatment line terminology was imprecise. To reliably inform patient treatment decisions, quality-of-life data are needed and precise OS estimation according to underlying patient characteristics.
INTRODUCTION: To find out if there are clinical and biological differences in breast cancer characteristics of premenopausal and postmenopausal women. For this reason, we investigated the differences in terms of the clinicopathological features and treatment methods of premenopausal and postmenopausal breast cancer patients in our study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this study, the files of 428 patients who were operated due to breast cancer between 1 January 2007 and 31 December 2017 in Ankara Ataturk Training and Research Hospital were examined retrospectively. The age, tumour size, tumour grade, oestrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, HER2 score, Ki-67 proliferation index, perineural invasion, and lymphovascular invasion were investigated. RESULTS: In patients with premenopausal breast cancer, the tumour diameter was larger (p = 0.047) and the lymph node metastasis was higher (p < 0.001). Oestrogen receptor (OR) expression (p = 0.002), progesterone receptor (PR) expression (p = 0.014), negative human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression (p = 0.038), and Ki-67 expression (p = 0.017) were higher in the premenopausal group. In the premenopausal group, breast conserving surgery (p = 0.004), chemotherapy (p = 0.007), radiotherapy (p = 0.008), and endocrine therapy (p = 0.025) were higher than in the postmenopausal group. CONCLUSIONS: Premenopausal and postmenopausal female breast cancer patients have significant differences in tumour size, tumour grade, axillary lymph node metastasis, hormone receptor status, HER2 expression, and treatment modalities.
INTRODUCTION: Addition of the antiangiogenic agent bevacizumab to paclitaxel significantly improves response rates and progression-free survival for metastatic breast cancer (MBC). To assess the activity of docetaxel plus bevacizumab, a multicenter phase II trial was conducted. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with measurable first-line HER2/neu-negative MBC were eligible. This trial began as a 2-arm study with a docetaxel-alone arm. When bevacizumab became widely available, it was converted to a 1-arm open-label trial of docetaxel/bevacizumab. Patients enrolled in the docetaxel-alone arm were permitted to cross over to docetaxel/bevacizumab. Patients received bevacizumab 15 mg/kg and docetaxel 75 mg/m2 intravenously (I.V.) every 3 weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or consent withdrawal. RESULTS: From March 2005 to September 2006, 76 patients were enrolled. Of the 7 patients who were randomized to docetaxel alone, 6 crossed over to docetaxel/bevacizumab (included in the safety analysis only). Two patients were found to be ineligible before receiving drug. Efficacy data are based on the 67 patients who were originally enrolled in the docetaxel/bevacizumab arm and received at least 1 dose of study medication. The confirmed objective response rate is 51% (34 of 67) with 9% complete responses (6 of 67) and 42% partial responses (28 of 67). Nine additional patients (13%) had stable disease lasting >or= 6 months. With a median follow-up of 21.7 months, the median time to progression is 9.3 months, and median overall survival is 26.3 months. Common grade 3/4 adverse events included neutropenia (33%), leukopenia/lymphopenia (25%), fatigue (22%), infection (17%), pain (16%), and hypertension (9%). CONCLUSION: Docetaxel/bevacizumab was generally well tolerated with manageable toxicity and promising efficacy results.
OBJECTIVE: To describe the main characteristics of women with breast cancer, according to the immunohistochemical profile. METHODS: The population comprised a hospital cohort, consisting of women diagnosed with breast cancer between 2003 and 2005 (n = 601) and treated at a referral center for cancer care in Juiz de Fora, MG, Brazil. Only 397 women who had complete immunohistochemistry analysis were selected. To define the groups according to the immunohistochemical profile, the assessment of estrogen and progesterone receptors, Ki-67 cell proliferation index, and overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) was chosen. According to the different phenotypes, five subtypes were defined: luminal A, luminal B HER2 negative, luminal B HER2 positive, triple negative, and HER2 overexpression. RESULTS: Most patients were white (80.7%) and post-menopausal (64.9%), with a mean age of 57.4 years (+/- 13.5). At diagnosis, 57.5% had tumor size > 2.0 cm, and 41.7% had lymph node involvement. The most common subtypes were luminal B - HER2 negative (41.8%) and triple negative (24.2%). In the luminal A subtype, 72.1% of patients were post-menopausal, while the highest percentage of premenopausal women were observed in the luminal B - HER2 positive and triple negative subtypes (45.2% and 44.2%, respectively). A higher frequency of tumors > 2.0 cm and lymph node involvement was observed in triple negative and HER2 positive subtypes. CONCLUSION: This study allowed the distribution assessment of the main clinical and pathological characteristics and those related to health services in a cohort of Brazilian women with breast cancer, according to the immunohistochemical tumor subtypes.
BACKGROUND: Respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation is the major reason for lung cancer patients being admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). Though molecular targeted therapies, especially epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), have largely improved the survival of oncogene-driven lung cancer patients, few studies have focused on the performance of TKI in such settings. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study enrolling non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who harbored sensitizing EGFR mutation and had received EGFR-TKIs as first-line cancer therapy in the ICU with mechanical ventilator use. The primary outcome was the 28-day ICU survival rate, and secondary outcomes were the rate of successful weaning from the ventilator and overall survival. RESULTS: A total of 35 patients were included. The 28-day ICU survival rate was 77%, and the median overall survival was 67 days. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that shock status was associated with a lower 28-day ICU survival rate independently (odds ratio (OR) 0.017, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.000-0.629, p = 0.027), and that L858R mutation (L858R compared with exon 19 deletion, OR, 0.014, 95% CI 0.000-0.450, p = 0.016) and comorbidities of diabetes mellitus (DM) (OR, 0.032, 95% CI, 0.000-0.416, p = 0.014)) were independently predictive of weaning failure. The successful weaning rate was 43%, and the median of ventilator-dependent duration was 22 days (IQR, 12-29). CONCLUSIONS: For EGFR mutant lung cancer patients suffering from respiratory failure and undergoing mechanical ventilation, TKI may still be useful, especially in those with EGFR del19 mutation or without shock and DM comorbidity.
Ovarian cancer poses a significant threat to women's health, with conventional treatment methods encountering numerous limitations, and the emerging engineered bacterial anti-tumor strategies offer newfound hope for ovarian cancer treatment. In this study, we constructed the VNP20009-Abvec-Igkappa-MIIP (VM) engineered strain and conducted initial assessments of its in vitro growth performance and the expression capability of migration/invasion inhibitory protein (MIIP). Subsequently, ID8 ovarian cancer cells and mouse cancer models were conducted to investigate the impact of VM on ovarian cancer. Our results revealed that the VM strain demonstrated superior growth performance, successfully invaded ID8 ovarian cancer cells, and expressed MIIP, consequently suppressing cell proliferation and migration. Moreover, VM specifically targeted tumor sites and expressed MIIP which further reduced the tumor volume of ovarian cancer mice (p < 0.01), via the downregulation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Ras, p-MEK, and p-ERK. The downregulation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway and the decrease in Bcl-2/Bax levels also indicated VM's apoptotic potency on ovarian cancer cells. In summary, our research demonstrated that VM exhibits promising anti-tumor effects both in vitro and in vivo, underscoring its potential for clinical treatment of ovarian cancer. KEY POINTS: * This study has constructed an engineered strain of Salmonella typhimurium capable of expressing anticancer proteins * The engineered bacteria can target and colonize tumor sites in vivo * VM can inhibit the proliferation, migration, and invasion of ovarian cancer cells.
Hormone receptor-positive (HR+) breast cancer is the most prevalent subtype of breast cancer in both early- and advanced-stage disease. Thus, the treatment of HR+ breast cancer has had the greatest global influence in improving clinical outcomes overall. Although the first-line metastatic breast cancer (MBC) trials comparing a third-generation aromatase inhibitor (AI) to tamoxifen have favored the AI, one of the challenges in translating these findings into clinical practice stems from the influence of prior adjuvant endocrine therapy, particularly the increasing use of adjuvant AIs today, on the choice of endocrine agent in the advanced setting because of the development of acquired resistance. Because the majority of patients enrolled into these studies were either endocrine-treatment naive or exposed to tamoxifen only, the "real-life" applicability of the evidence is unclear. Because a superior dose of the selective estrogen receptor (ER) downregulator fulvestrant has now been established, its role as first-line therapy is being re-established. We are now starting to see the promise realized with blocking cross-talking growth factor pathways in addition to the ER pathway. The greatest efficacy is seen with the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) inhibitor everolimus in combination with exemestane and, perhaps to a lesser extent, anti-HER2-directed therapy in combination with an AI. Future gains will likely involve a greater understanding of the redundancy and compensation induced by blocking these pathways, trials involving blocking multiple pathways in addition to hormonal agents, and the molecular interrogation of the individual's tumor in search of predictive biomarkers and "actionable" genomic aberrations.
Tag-sequencing is a modified next-generation sequencing (NGS) approach wherein targeted regions are tagged with unique molecular identifiers enabling error-free detection of rare genomic alterations. We aimed to perform this high- fidelity sequencing to identify actionable variants from the plasma of lung cancer patients. Targeted sequencing was performed from plasma-derived cell-free nucleic acid in twenty-one advanced, treatment naive, non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Clinically significant genetic alterations were compared with matched tumor NGS profile for each patient (patient-level), and separately for each alteration (variant-level). Cross-platform validation was done for EGFR and KRAS mutations (real-time PCR) and ALK1 rearrangement (immunohistochemistry). Forty-seven alterations (26 in plasma and 21 in tumor tissue) were detected in 19/21 tested cases. Overall-concordance between the two assays was 94.87% (kappa of 0.71, 95% CI: 0.54-0.89). Patient-level and genic-concordance was 57.1% (12/21 cases) and 67.86%, respectively. Almost perfect agreement was reached for detecting actionable EGFR mutations and ALK1 rearrangement (kappa of 0.89 and kappa of 1, respectively), which was confirmed by single-gene testing. Substantial agreement between the assays makes Tag-sequencing a viable option for identifying multibiomarkers from the plasma of advanced NSCLC patients in special circumstances where tissue has depleted/tumor is inaccessible/high risk of biopsy due to existing comorbidities.
Retinoic acid is a potent differentiation and antiproliferative agent of breast cancer cells, and one of its receptors, retinoic acid receptor beta (RARbeta), has been proposed to act as a tumor suppressor. In contrast, we report herein that inactivation of Rarb in the mouse results in a protective effect against ErbB2-induced mammary gland tumorigenesis. Strikingly, tissue recombination experiments indicate that the presence of Rarb in the stromal compartment is essential for the growth of mammary carcinoma. Ablation of Rarb leads to a remodeling of the stroma during tumor progression that includes a decrease in angiogenesis, in the recruitment of inflammatory cells, and in the number myofibroblasts. In agreement with this finding, we observed that a markedly reduced expression of chemokine (C-X-C motif) ligand 12 (Cxcl12) in the stroma of Rarb-null mice is accompanied by a decrease in the CXCL12/chemokine C-X-C receptor 4 (CXCR4)/ErbB2 signaling axis in the tumors. Relevance to the human disease is underlined by the finding that gene-expression profiling of the Rarb-deficient mammary stromal compartment identified an ortholog RARbeta signature in human microdissected breast tissues that differentiates tumor from normal stroma. Our study thus implicates RARbeta in promoting tumorigenesis and suggests that retinoid-based approaches for the prevention and treatment of breast cancer should be redesigned.
OBJECTIVE: The topoisomerase inhibitor CPT-11 has been applied in treatment of multiple cancer types. Here, we probed into the possible mechanism of CPT-11 in affecting growth and metastasis of lung cancer (LC) cells, with involvement of the EGFR/MAPK pathway. METHODS: The target protein of CPT-11 was screened through bioinformatics analysis, and the LC-related microarray datasets GSE29249, GSE32863 and GSE44077 were obtained for differential analysis for identifying the target protein. A subcutaneous xenograft tumor model and a metastatic tumor model were constructed in nude mice for in vivo mechanism verification of the regulatory role of CPT-11 in LC through modulation of EGRF/MAPK pathway. RESULTS: Bioinformatics analysis showed that EGFR was the target protein of CPT-11. In vivo animal experiments confirmed that CPT-11 enhanced LC cell growth and metastasis in nude mice. CPT-11 could inhibit activation of EGFR/MAPK pathway. EGFR promoted LC cell growth and metastasis in nude mice through activation of the MAPK pathway. CONCLUSION: The topoisomerase inhibitor CPT-11 may prevent LC growth and metastasis by inhibiting activation of EGFR/MAPK pathway.
AIM: To investigate the role of 2-(fluorine-18)-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose ((18)F-FDG) positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT) early after breast-conserving surgery (BCS) in patients with breast cancer (BC) and whether we can determine which molecular biomarkers of breast carcinoma put the patients at risk. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective study involved 88 patients with histologically proven T1 or T2 BC, who were treated with BCS and underwent (18)F-FDG PET/CT study. The correlation between biological markers (estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 [HER2], and Ki-67) of the primary tumor and (18)F-FDG PET/CT findings was analyzed. RESULTS: (18)F-FDG PET/CT demonstrated the presence of BC disease (locoregional disease [LRD], distant metastases, or contralateral BC) in 26 of 88 patients (29.5%). Regarding immunohistochemical profiles, BC expressing high levels of Ki-67 were associated with an increased percentage of LRD, which was the major recurrence pattern on (18)F-FDG PET/CT. Although the BC disease was observed more commonly in patients with HER2 positivity compared to those of HER2 negative, the difference did not reach statistical significance. The patients with T2 tumor or a higher histopathological grade had a higher percentage of BC disease. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated that patients with early stage BC treated with BCS have a remarkable risk of the presence of BC even early after surgery, and there was a clinically important relationship between (18)F-FDG PET/CT findings and biological markers of BC. These findings suggest that high-risk molecular biomarkers (Ki-67, HER2) can be taken into account in the decision-making the process for both preoperative imaging and planning of the surgical approach.
KRAS genes are the most commonly mutated oncogenes in cancer. Unfortunately, effective therapeutic strategies for targeting KRAS mutant cancers have proven to be difficult to obtain. A key reason for this setback is due to the lack of success direct KRAS mutant inhibitors have received. Researchers have turned their efforts away from targeting the KRAS nucleotide-binding site directly and towards targeting other areas of the MAPK signaling pathway to block KRAS function. Researchers found that inhibiting enzymes and protein-protein interactions involved in the MAPK signaling pathway inhibit the activation of KRAS mutant therefore can lead to a potential therapeutic for KRAS mutated cancers. Throughout the past two decades, various indirect inhibitors have been designed and tested. EGFR and MEK inhibitors have presented with less success; however, significant advances have been made when targeting the plasma membrane localization process and the allosteric site of KRAS mutant. Farnesyltransferase and allosteric inhibitors have both advanced to human clinical trials. This comprehensive review presents the most recent developments of direct and indirect KRAS mutant inhibitors. This review summarizes published data on the inhibitory and anti-cancer activity of compounds that target KRAS activation as well as highlights the most promising strategies for targeting KRAS mutant cancers.
Purpose: Despite initial benefit from tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring ALK (ALK(+)) and ROS1 (ROS1(+)) gene fusions ultimately progress. Here, we report on the potential resistance mechanisms in a series of patients with ALK(+) and ROS1(+) NSCLC progressing on different types and/or lines of ROS1/ALK-targeted therapy.Experimental Design: We used a combination of next-generation sequencing (NGS), multiplex mutation assay, direct DNA sequencing, RT-PCR, and FISH to identify fusion variants/partners and copy-number gain (CNG), kinase domain mutations (KDM), and copy-number variations (CNVs) in other cancer-related genes. We performed testing on 12 ROS1(+) and 43 ALK(+) patients.Results: One of 12 ROS1(+) (8%) and 15 of 43 (35%) ALK (+) patients harbored KDM. In the ROS1(+) cohort, we identified KIT and beta-catenin mutations and HER2-mediated bypass signaling as non-ROS1-dominant resistance mechanisms. In the ALK(+) cohort, we identified a novel NRG1 gene fusion, a RET fusion, 2 EGFR, and 3 KRAS mutations, as well as mutations in IDH1, RIT1, NOTCH, and NF1 In addition, we identified CNV in multiple proto-oncogenes genes including PDGFRA, KIT, KDR, GNAS, K/HRAS, RET, NTRK1, MAP2K1, and others.Conclusions: We identified a putative TKI resistance mechanism in six of 12 (50%) ROS1 (+) patients and 37 of 43 (86%) ALK(+) patients. Our data suggest that a focus on KDMs will miss most resistance mechanisms; broader gene testing strategies and functional validation is warranted to devise new therapeutic strategies for drug resistance. Clin Cancer Res; 24(14); 3334-47. (c)2018 AACR.
AKT-phosphorylated IWS1 regulates alternative RNA splicing via a pathway that is active in lung cancer. RNA-seq studies in lung adenocarcinoma cells lacking phosphorylated IWS1, identified a exon 2-deficient U2AF2 splice variant. Here, we show that exon 2 inclusion in the U2AF2 mRNA is a cell cycle-dependent process that is regulated by LEDGF/SRSF1 splicing complexes, whose assembly is controlled by the IWS1 phosphorylation-dependent deposition of histone H3K36me3 marks in the body of target genes. The exon 2-deficient U2AF2 mRNA encodes a Serine-Arginine-Rich (RS) domain-deficient U2AF65, which is defective in CDCA5 pre-mRNA processing. This results in downregulation of the CDCA5-encoded protein Sororin, a phosphorylation target and regulator of ERK, G2/M arrest and impaired cell proliferation and tumor growth. Analysis of human lung adenocarcinomas, confirmed activation of the pathway in EGFR-mutant tumors and showed that pathway activity correlates with tumor stage, histologic grade, metastasis, relapse after treatment, and poor prognosis.
The human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER) family of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) are among the first layer of molecules that receive, interpret, and transduce signals leading to distinct cancer cell phenotypes. Since the discovery of the tooth-lid factor-later characterized as the epidermal growth factor (EGF)-and its high-affinity binding EGF receptor, HER kinases have emerged as one of the commonly upregulated or hyperactivated or mutated kinases in epithelial tumors, thus allowing HER1-3 family members to regulate several hallmarks of cancer development and progression. Each member of the HER family exhibits shared and unique structural features to engage multiple receptor activation modes, leading to a range of overlapping and distinct phenotypes. EGFR, the founding HER family member, provided the roadmap for the development of the cell surface RTK-directed targeted cancer therapy by serving as a prototype/precursor for the currently used HER-directed cancer drugs. We herein provide a brief account of the discoveries, defining moments, and historical context of the HER family and guidepost advances in basic, translational, and clinical research that solidified a prominent position of the HER family in cancer research and treatment. We also discuss the significance of HER3 pseudokinase in cancer biology; its unique structural features that drive transregulation among HER1-3, leading to a superior proximal signaling response; and potential role of HER3 as a shared effector of acquired therapeutic resistance against diverse oncology drugs. Finally, we also narrate some of the current drawbacks of HER-directed therapies and provide insights into postulated advances in HER biology with extensive implications of these therapies in cancer research and treatment.
INTRODUCTION: The 21-gene expression profile [Oncotype DX Recurrence Score (RS)] stratifies benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy in hormone receptor (HR)-positive, HER2/neu-negative, node-negative breast cancer. It is not routinely applied to predict neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) response; data in diverse patient populations also are limited. We developed a statistical model based on standard clinicopathologic features to identify high-risk cases (RS > 30) and then evaluated ability of predicted high RS to predict for NACT downstaging. METHODS: Primary surgery patients with Oncotype DX RS testing 2012-2016 were identified from a prospectively-maintained database. A RS predictive model was created and applied to a dataset of comparable NACT patients. Response was defined as tumor size decrease >/= 1 cm. RESULTS: Of 394 primary surgery patients-60.4% white American; 31.0% African American-RS distribution was similar for both groups. No single feature reliably identified high RS patients; however, a model accounting for age, HR expression, proliferative index (MIB1/Ki67), histology, and tumor size was generated, with receiver operator area under the curve 0.909. Fifty-six NACT patients were identified (25 African American). Of 21 cases with all relevant clinicopathology, 14 responded to NACT and the model generated high-risk RS in 14 (100%); conversely, of 16 cases generating high-risk RS, only 2 did not respond. CONCLUSIONS: Predictive modelling can identify high RS patients; this model also can identify patients likely to experience primary tumor downstaging with NACT. Until this model is validated in other datasets, we recommend that Oncotype-eligible patients undergo primary surgery with decisions regarding chemotherapy made in the adjuvant setting.
Drug resistance is a major barrier to successful cancer treatment. For patients with HER2-positive breast cancer who initially respond to therapy, the majority develop resistance within one year of treatment. Patient outcomes could improve significantly if we can find and exploit common mechanisms of acquired resistance to different targeted therapies. Overexpression of t-Darpp, a truncated form of the dual kinase/phosphatase inhibitor Darpp-32, has been linked to acquired resistance to trastuzumab, a front-line therapy for HER2-positive breast cancer. Darpp-32 reverses t-Darpp's effect on trastuzumab resistance. In this study, we examined whether t-Darpp could be involved in resistance to lapatinib, another HER2-targeted therapeutic. Lapatinib-resistant SKBR3 cells (SK/LapR) showed a marked change in the Darpp-32:t-Darpp ratio toward a predominance of t-Darpp. Overexpression of t-Darpp alone was not sufficient to confer lapatinib resistance, but cells that overexpress t-Darpp partially mimicked the molecular resistance phenotype observed in SK/LapR cells exposed to lapatinib. SK/LapR cells failed to down-regulate Survivin and failed to induce BIM accumulation in response to lapatinib; cells overexpressing t-Darpp exhibited only the failed BIM accumulation. t-Darpp knock-down reversed this phenotype. Using a fluorescence-based co-culture system, we found that cells overexpressing t-Darpp formed colonies in lapatinib within 3-4 weeks, whereas parental cells in the same co-culture did not. Overall, t-Darpp appears to mediate a survival advantage in lapatinib, possibly linked to failed lapatinib-induced BIM accumulation. t-Darpp might also be relevant to acquired resistance to other cancer drugs that rely on BIM accumulation to induce apoptosis.
We propose multicore tissue microarray (TMA) as an alternative to whole section for routine assessment of prognostic factors in breast cancer. Since 2004, we introduced the multicore TMA for testing estrogen (ER) and progesterone receptors (PR), proliferation activity by Ki67, and HER2 overexpression and amplification in routine work. At least four tumor foci were selected on the whole section, and a dedicated technician used a stereomicroscope for accurate sampling of the selected areas. To identify a specific case in the TMA, a separate file and a computerized reporting form with the TMA map were created. A preliminary pilot study comparing the TMA results with those obtained on whole sections showed the specificity of the procedure. Moreover, in everyday diagnosis, hormone receptors were repeated on full section when negative in TMA, without significant discrepancy. Retrospective analysis of the 237 breast carcinomas studied by TMA showed the expected correspondence of tumor-grade differentiation with the hormone receptor pattern, the proliferation activity, and HER2 immunohistochemical and FISH values. In conclusion, multicore TMA may be an efficient approach in the routine study of prognostic factors in breast cancer, significantly reducing costs, time, and burden of slides necessary to accomplish these mandatory tests.
BACKGROUND: Despite strong efforts to improve clinical outcome of ovarian cancer patients by conventional and targeted immuno-based therapies, the prognosis of advanced ovarian cancer is still poor. Natural killer (NK) cells mediate antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC), release immunostimulatory cytokines and thus function as potent anti-tumour effector cells. However, tumour cells developed mechanisms to escape from an effective immune response. So highly immunogenic substances, like the 38 kDa-preparation of M. tuberculosis, PstS-1, are explored for their potential to enhance cancer-targeted immune responses. In this study we examined the modulation of different NK cell functions by accessory monocytes and PstS-1. We focussed on NK cell activation as well as natural and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity directed against epidermal-growth-factor-receptor (EGFR)-positive ovarian cancer cell lines. METHODS: Activation, cytokine release and cytotoxicity of NK cells stimulated by monocytes and PstS-1 were determined by FACS-analysis, ELISA, Bioplex assay and quantitative polymerase-chain reaction (qPCR). Transwell assays were used to discriminate cell-cell contact-dependent from contact-independent mechanisms. Five ovarian cancer cell lines (A2780, IGROV-1, OVCAR-3, OVCAR-4 and SKOV-3) with different EGFR-expression were used as target cells for natural and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity assays. Cetuximab (anti-EGFR-antibody) was used for ADCC studies. RESULTS: Our data show that monocytes effectively enhance activation as well natural and antibody-dependent cytolytic activity of NK cells. PstS-1 directly stimulated monocytes and further activated monocyte-NK-co-cultures. However, PstS-1 did not directly influence purified NK cells and did also not affect natural and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity directed against EGFR-positive ovarian cancer cells, even in presence of monocytes. Direct cell-cell contact between NK cells and monocytes was required for NK activation, while released cytokines seemed to play a minor role. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that monocytes enhance natural and antibody-dependent cytotoxic activity of NK cells in a cell-cell contact dependent manner. The TLR-agonist PstS-1 provides additional monocyte activation and induces NK activation markers, while NK cytotoxicity remains unaffected. We conclude that monocytes provide accessory function for ADCC exerted by NK during antibody-based cancer immunotherapy directed against EGFR-positive ovarian cancer cells.
Zenocutuzumab-zbco, a novel bispecific antibody targeting HER2 and HER3, has demonstrated promising efficacy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and pancreatic adenocarcinoma. In early-phase clinical trials, it has shown an objective response rate of approximately 34% in HER2-amplified NSCLC and a disease control rate exceeding 70% in pancreatic adenocarcinoma with NRG1 fusions. By disrupting HER3-driven oncogenic signaling, zenocutuzumab effectively inhibits tumor proliferation and enhances therapeutic outcomes. Its safety profile remains favorable, with most adverse effects being mild to moderate. This editorial explores the clinical potential of zenocutuzumab in reshaping treatment strategies for NSCLC and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant therapy is administered to breast cancer patients as an induction process before surgery or radiotherapy to reduce tumor size. Human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) negative breast cancer lacks effective standard target therapy. Bevacizumab has a controversial role in the treatment of breast cancer and we conduct a meta-analysis to evaluate the value of adding bevacizumab in neoadjuvant regimen. METHODS: Potentially eligible studies were retrieved using PubMed, EMBASE and Medline. Clinical characteristics of patients and statistical data with pathological complete response (pCR) data were collected. Then a meta-analysis model was established to investigate the correlation between administration of bevacizumab in neoadjuvant therapy and pCR rates in HER-2 negative breast cancer. RESULTS: Seven eligible studies and 5408 patients were yielded. The pCR rates for "breast" or "breast plus lymph node" were similar. In subgroup analysis, we emphasized on patients with triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). In the criterion of "lesions in breast" the pooled ORs was 1.55 [1.29, 1.86], P<0.00001 and regarding to the evaluation criterion of "lesions in breast and lymph nodes", the pooled ORs was 1.48 [1.23, 1.78], P<0.0001, in favor of bevacizumab administration. CONCLUSION: According to our pooled results, we finally find that bevacizumab addition as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy component, for induction use with limited cycle to improve the pCR rates and patients may avoid long-term adverse event and long-term invalid survival improvement. Especially in subgroup analysis, pCR rates could be improved significantly and physicians could consider bevacizumab with caution. As patients could avoid the adverse event caused by long-term using of bevacizumab, long-term quality of life improvement may be achieved, especially in TNBC.
Patients with salivary duct cancer (SDC) and HER2 overexpression could receive trastuzumab in combination with chemotherapy for metastatic disease. No standard treatment exists for patients with HER2-positive metastatic SDC after progression. We report an excellent patient response to second-line treatment with T-DM1 after progression on paclitaxel plus trastuzumab. CASE REPORT: In June 2014, a 79-year-old male patient underwent right parotidectomy and ipsilateral radical neck dissection after the diagnosis of parotid carcinoma. Pathological staging demonstrated locally advanced disease with the involvement of 13 lymph nodes (levels I, II, III, and IV), with extracapsular extravasation. He underwent adjuvant radiotherapy ending in December 2014. A PET scan in March 2015 diagnosed recurrent and systemic disease, with bone lesions, neck lymph node involvement, and hepatic metastasis. The immunohistochemistry showed HER2 receptor overexpression (+3/+3). The patient received first-line trastuzumab plus paclitaxel beginning in April 2015. After 6 cycles, his response was confirmed by PET scan. In February 2016, he had symptoms of disease progression, and a PET scan revealed disease progression in the neck, bones, and liver. He started T-DM1 in April 2016. The neck skin lesions disappeared after 6 cycles, with low toxicity. PET scans performed every 3 months showed response in the liver and bone lesions. CONCLUSIONS: We report the case of a patient with SDC treated with T-DM1, with a very good response. Salivary carcinoma is a rare disease for which no randomized clinical trials are available. The maintenance of HER2 blockage might be important in this disease.
BACKGROUND: To improve the pathological complete response (pCR) rate, we devised new neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Efficacy and safety of the oral fluoropyrimidine derivative S-1 (Taiho Pharmaceutical Co, Tokyo, Japan) combined with low-dose docetaxel (S-1+DOC) were evaluated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients were treated with docetaxel (40 mg/m(2) intravenously on day 1) and S-1 (40 mg/m(2) orally twice per day on days 1-14) every 3 weeks for 4 cycles. In accord with the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors version 1.1 criteria, the patients who showed a complete response (CR) underwent surgery, and those who achieved a partial response (PR) underwent 4 more cycles of S-1+DOC. Patients who achieved stable disease (SD) or progressive disease (PD) received EC (epirubicin and cyclophosphamide) or HT (trastuzumab and paclitaxel) according to their HER2 status. The primary end point was the pCR rate. RESULTS: Ninety-four patients entered the study. After 4 cycles of S-1+DOC, CR was noted in 5 patients, PR in 57, SD in 18, and PD in 3. Of the patients who achieved SD and PD, 12 received EC, and 9 received HT. Among the 83 assessable patients, the pCR rate was 34.9%, and the response rate was 80.7%. The pCR rates were 19.5% in the luminal type group, 53.8% in the luminal HER2 group, 46.1% in the HER2 group, and 50.0% in the triple-negative group. CONCLUSION: The S-1+DOC regimen in this study could be well tolerated and a new candidate neoadjuvant chemotherapy in operable breast cancer patients. It is also expected to be effective even in patients with luminal type disease. However, further randomized control trials are needed to ascertain whether pCR can contribute to favorable outcomes.
BACKGROUND: Limited information is available regarding the clinical features and outcomes of advanced human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( HER2 )-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in Taiwan, despite expanding treatment options for this distinct subtype. This study aimed to investigate the clinical characteristics and outcomes of HER2-mutant NSCLC in a real-world setting. METHODS: Relevant data were collected from patients with advanced or recurrent HER2 -mutant NSCLC who received systemic therapy between 2011 and 2021 and were followed up until 2022 at two medical centers in Taiwan. Clinical features, treatment responses, and survival-related factors were analyzed. RESULTS: This study included 45 patients (median age: 59.7 [range: 41.3-78.7] years). A775_G776insYVMA was the most common HER2 mutation subtype (57.8%), followed by G778_P780dup (11.1%). Approximately 53.3% of the patients received first-line platinum-based chemotherapy (PC) alone, whereas 13.3% received PC combined with an immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI). The median overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) after first-line therapy were 25.8 and 4.4 months, respectively. The objective response rate was generally higher in patients receiving first-line PC + ICI than those receiving PC alone (33.3% vs 12.5%; p = 0.269). Furthermore, patients receiving PC + ICI had longer PFS than those receiving PC alone (9.5 vs 4.4 months; p = 0.131) and those receiving tyrosine kinase inhibitor/ICI monotherapy (9.5 vs 0.5 months; p = 0.015). Compared with patients having other NSCLC subtypes, those carrying HER2 exon 20 insertion mutations had shorter median PFS (17.3 vs 2.9 months; p = 0.043) and OS (not reached vs 19 months; p = 0.031). CONCLUSION: This study highlights the clinical features and outcomes of advanced HER2 -mutant NSCLC in Taiwan. PC + ICI may be more effective than other regimens as first-line therapy. The prognostic impact of HER2 exon 20 insertion mutations warrants further investigation.
Nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains a leading cause of cancer-related mortality, with liquid biopsy emerging as a promising tool for noninvasive diagnostics. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) serve as molecular messengers of the tumor microenvironment, yet precise characterization methods remain limited. Using atomic force microscopy (AFM), we analyzed EVs from NSCLC subtypes (A549, PC9, PC9/GR) and nontumorigenic bronchial epithelial cells (BEAS-2B), revealing that A549-derived EVs exhibited significantly higher stiffness, likely due to KRAS mutation-associated lipid alterations. EGFR mutant EVs (PC9, PC9/GR) showed overlapping nanomechanical properties, correlating with their shared genetic background. To enhance classification, we implemented a DenseNet-based deep learning model for AFM image analysis, integrating nanomechanical and morphological features. This approach significantly improved diagnostic performance, achieving an AUC of 0.92, and notably, EVs from the A549 (KRAS mutant) cell line were classified with 96% accuracy. This study provides the first demonstration of the nanomechanical classification of NSCLC-derived EVs, highlighting the potential of deep learning-enhanced AFM analysis as a powerful tool for advancing liquid biopsy and precision diagnostics. Addressing sample variability and validating performance across clinical samples will be key to enabling its clinical translation.
AIMS: To understand the correlation between the expression status of different biological markers in breast cancers in the elderly. METHODS AND RESULTS: Three hundred and ninety-seven cases were evaluated for expression of hormone receptors [oestrogen receptors (ER) alpha and beta, progesterone receptor (PR)], basal markers [p63, cytokeratin (CK) 5/6 and CK14] and others (HER2/neu, synaptophysin and chromogranin). The expression rates were 60, 29, 25, 6, 14, 8, 28, 17 and 5%, respectively, for these markers. The expression of ER alpha and beta, PR, synaptophysin and chromogranin at any level correlated with low nuclear or tumour grades, whereas the expression of HER2/neu, CK5/6 and CK14 at any level correlated with high nuclear grade. By using hierarchical clustering, groups of HER2, luminal and basal types were identified. In addition, a neuroendocrine group was also identified, being characterized by expression of synaptophysin, chromogranin, ER and PR, but not HER2/neu, and other basal cytokeratins. This group was associated with lower nuclear grade, and hence better prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: Breast cancer in the elderly shows similar molecular groupings as other breast cancers, with an additional neuroendocrine group that is associated with a favourable biological marker profile.
PURPOSE: We previously established a mechanistic rationale for Src inhibition as a novel therapeutic target in pancreatic cancer and have identified activated STAT3 as a potential biomarker of resistance to Src inhibition. The purpose of this study was to translate the current understanding of complementary activated tyrosine kinase signaling pathways by targeting Src kinase and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: IC(50) values for dasatinib, a Src kinase inhibitor, erlotinib, an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor and gemcitabine were determined and sensitive and resistant pancreatic cancer cell lines were identified. The in vitro and in vivo effects of these agents on multiple signaling pathways and tumorigenicity in pancreatic cancer were investigated. RESULTS: The combination of dasatinib, erlotinib, and gemcitabine resulted in cooperative inhibition of cell migration and invasion of both sensitive and resistant pancreatic cancer cells as well as cooperative inhibition of multiple signaling pathways including FAK, AKT, ERK, JNK, MAPK, and STAT3 at concentrations that were ineffective as individual agents or as double combinations of agents. The triple combination of agents was also most effective at inhibiting the growth of xenografts of both sensitive and resistant pancreatic cancer cells in vivo without increasing toxicity. Furthermore, combined inhibition of Src and EGFR with gemcitabine inhibited constitutively activated STAT3 in vitro and in vivo. CONCLUSIONS: These results provide evidence that combined targeted biological therapy in addition to cytotoxic chemotherapy can overcome treatment resistance. Such treatment strategies may be used to tailor therapy based on identified biomarkers of resistance to targeted monotherapy.
BACKGROUND: A number of studies have been conducted to explore the relationship between CD24 expression and the prognosis of breast cancer; however, the results remain inconsistent. Therefore, we performed this meta-analysis to clarify the impact of CD24 expression on clinicopathological features and prognosis of breast cancer. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search for relevant studies was performed, and statistical analysis was conducted using Stata software. RESULTS: Twenty studies, including 5,179 cases, were included in this meta-analysis. The pooled analysis indicated that CD24 expression was associated with lymph node invasion (odds ratio [OR] = 0.68, for negative vs. positive, 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.53-0.87, p = 0.002) and TNM stage (OR = 0.63, for I + II vs. III + IV, 95% CI, 0.49-0.81, p<0.001). The prognosis analysis also suggested CD24 overexpression indicated a poorer 5-year overall survival (OS) rate (relative risk ratio [RR] = 0.93, 95% CI, 0.86-0.99, p = 0.03) and 5-year disease-free survival (DFS) rate (RR = 0.90, 95% CI, 0.83-0.98, p = 0.02). However, CD24 expression had no correlation with tumor size, tumor grade, distance metastasis, estrogen receptor (ER) status, progesterone receptor (PR) status, or HER2 status. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that higher CD24 expression is significantly associated with lower OS rate, lower DFS rate and some clinicopathological factors such as lymph node invasion and TNM stage. This meta-analysis suggested that CD24 is an efficient prognostic factor in breast cancer.
We describe the case of a woman carrying a germline pathogenic BRCA1 mutation diagnosed with a breast cancer overexpressing HER2. Clinical presentation of the tumor, HER2-positivity, genomic profile and loss of the mutated BRCA1 allele in tumor evidence that BRCA1 is not inactivated in this breast cancer. It represents the first biological demonstration for the existence of a sporadic HER2-positive breast cancer independent from BRCA loss of function in a woman carrier of a deleterious BRCA1 mutation. In a context where targeted therapies based on BRCA loss of function in the tumor are developed, such case could have direct implications.
BACKGROUND: The vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) pathway can be targeted through VEGF neutralization or VEGF receptor (VEGFR) blockade using tyrosine kinase inhibition. Because laboratory models suggest that combining these approaches might be synergistic, we sought to evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of combining sunitinib with paclitaxel + bevacizumab (PB). METHODS: Patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative, metastatic breast cancer receiving first-line chemotherapy were randomized to PB or PB with sunitinib (PBS), with planned escalation of the sunitinib dose. RESULTS: Forty-six patients were randomized to PB or PBS with sunitinib dosed at 25 mg p.o. daily. Patients receiving PBS encountered substantial toxicity that precluded adequate treatment. The percentage of patients with grade >/=3 adverse events was greater in the PBS arm than the PB arm (83% versus 57%), and sunitinib dosing was modified in 78% of patients, most often due to neutropenia, febrile neutropenia, and fatigue. In addition, 44% of patients had sunitinib dose reduction to 12.5 mg, and 39% required discontinuation. Patients receiving PBS had more bevacizumab treatment interruptions and discontinuations because of toxicity. Median treatment duration was longer in the PB arm compared with the PBS arm (14.1 versus 11.1 weeks), reflecting early treatment discontinuation of PBS. Because of poor tolerability of the addition of sunitinib to PB, the planned sunitinib dose escalation was halted and the study accrual was terminated. CONCLUSION: Adding sunitinib to standard doses of bevacizumab plus paclitaxel for metastatic breast cancer is not feasible. Different strategies will be required to evaluate whether there is additional clinical benefit to combining VEGF/VEGFR-targeted agents.
RET rearrangement represents a unique molecular subset of lung cancer. The identification of specific clinicopathologic characteristics and RET gene status would provide critical information on targeted therapeutics. In this study, we investigated the patterns of RET gene in a series of lung carcinomas. Of one hundred and sixteen tumors, a low frequency (1.7%) of RET translocation was identified. Only two specimens of lung adenocarcinomas displayed the rearrangement of RET in 54% and 78% of tumor cells respectively. A high incidence of gain of copy number (3-4 copies) and amplification (>/= 5 copies) of the RET gene was observed in 52% and 12% of all 116 samples. An association between increased copy number of RET and EGFR mutation was statistically significant (p < 0.05) in these lung carcinomas. This study sheds light on the unique molecular characteristics of the RET gene in lung carcinomas.
BACKGROUND: Australia has a large population of immigrant women from Arabic-speaking countries. The aim of this study was to examine breast cancer tumour and surgical treatment features for women born in Arabic-speaking countries and compare them to women born in Australia and other countries. Another aim was to consider how this information can inform clinical care for this multicultural population. METHODS: This is a retrospective audit of an institutional breast cancer database. Demographic, tumour and surgical treatment data were extracted for the Arab women and compared to Australian-born women (comparison 1) and to women born in all other countries (comparison 2); chi-squared analysis was performed to test for differences between groups. RESULTS: A total of 2086 cases with country of birth information were identified, of whom 139 women (6.7%) were born in Arabic-speaking countries, 894 (42.8%) were born in Australia and 1053 (50.4%) were born in other countries (71 nations). Arab women tended to be younger (P = 0.013), more disadvantaged (P < 0.001), were more likely to have symptomatic rather than screen-detected breast cancer (P < 0.001), had a higher rate of high grade (P = 0.021), HER2-positive (P = 0.025) breast cancer compared to Australian-born women or others. There was no difference in tumour (pT) stage, rate of breast conservation versus mastectomy, re-excision and contralateral prophylactic mastectomy between groups. Australian-born women were more likely to undergo breast reconstruction after mastectomy (P < 0.001); reconstruction rate was >29% in all groups. CONCLUSION: Women born in Arabic-speaking countries were younger, more disadvantaged and showed more aggressive tumour features. This has implications for supportive care during treatment and survivorship.
OBJECTIVE: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the most sensitive imaging modality in detecting breast cancer. The purpose of this systematic review is to investigate the role of human extracted MRI phenotypes in classifying molecular subtypes of breast cancer. METHODS: We performed a literature search of published articles on the application of MRI phenotypic features in invasive breast cancer molecular subtype classifications by radiologists' interpretation on Medline Complete, Pubmed, and Google scholar from 1st January 2000 to 31st March 2021. Of the 1453 literature identified, 42 fulfilled the inclusion criteria. RESULTS: All studies were case-controlled, retrospective study and research-based. The majority of the studies assessed the MRI features using American College of Radiology- Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (ACR-BIRADS) classification and using dynamic contrast-enhanced (DCE) kinetic features, Apparent Diffusion Coefficient (ADC) values, and T2 sequence. Most studies divided invasive breast cancer into 4 main subtypes, luminal A, luminal B, HER2, and triple-negative (TN) cancers, and used 2 readers. We present a summary of the radiologists' extracted breast MRI phenotypical features and their correlating breast cancer subtypes classifications. The characteristic features are morphology, enhancement kinetics, and T2 signal intensity. We found that the TN subtype has the most distinctive MRI features compared to the other subtypes and luminal A and B have many similar features. CONCLUSION: The MRI features which are predictive of each subtype are the morphology, internal enhancement features, and T2 signal intensity, predominantly between TN and the rest. Radiologists' visual interpretation of some of MRI features may offer insight into the respective invasive breast cancer molecular subtype. However, current evidence are still limited to "suggestive" features instead of a diagnostic standard.  Further research is recommended to explore this potential application, for example, by augmentation of radiologists' visual interpretation by artificial intelligence.
Patients with non-small cell lung cancer must be tested for biomarkers. Currently, treatments directed against EGFR, ALK, and ROS1 mutations are standard of care. A number of emerging new targets and treatments are on the horizon.
BACKGROUND: Tumor-targeting peptides are attracting subjects in cancer therapy. These peptides, which are widely studied, deliver therapeutic agents to the specific sites of tumors. In this study, we produced a new form of recombinant listeriolysin O (LLO) with genetically fused Anti-HER2/neu peptide (AHNP) sequence adding to its C-terminal end. The aim of the study was to engineer this pore-forming toxin to make it much more specific to tumor cells. MATERIALS AND METHOD AND RESULTS: Two forms of the toxin (with and without peptide) were subcloned into a bacterial expression plasmid. Subcloning was performed using a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) product as a megaprimer in a quick-change PCR to introduce the whole insert gene into the expression plasmid. After expression of two recombinant forms of LLO in BL21 DE3 cells, purification was performed using Ni-NTA affinity column. MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 cell lines (as negative and positive controls, respectively) were treated with both LLO toxins to evaluate their cytotoxicity and specificity. The IC(50) of LLO on MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 cells was 21 and 5 ng/ml, respectively. In addition, IC(50) for the fusion AHNP-LLO toxin was 140 and 60 ng/ml, respectively. It was found that the cytotoxicity of the new engineered AHNP-LLO toxin has decreased by about 9x compared to the wild-type toxin and the specificity of the AHNP-LLO toxin has been also reduced. CONCLUSIONS: Results show that the C-terminal of the LLO should not be modified and it seems that N-terminal of the toxin should be preferred for engineering and adding peptide modules.
BACKGROUND: This study assesses different technologies for detecting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations from circulating tumor DNA in patients with EGFR T790M-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) from the AURA3 study (NCT02151981), and it evaluates clinical responses to osimertinib and platinum-pemetrexed according to the plasma T790M status. METHODS: Tumor tissue biopsy samples were tested for T790M during screening with the cobas EGFR Mutation Test (cobas tissue). Plasma samples were collected at screening and at the baseline and were retrospectively analyzed for EGFR mutations with the cobas EGFR Mutation Test v2 (cobas plasma), droplet digital polymerase chain reaction (ddPCR; Biodesix), and next-generation sequencing (NGS; Guardant360, Guardant Health). RESULTS: With cobas tissue test results as a reference, the plasma T790M positive percent agreement (PPA) was 51% (110 of 215 samples) by cobas plasma, 58% (110 of 189) by ddPCR, and 66% (136 of 207) by NGS. Plasma T790M detection was associated with a larger median baseline tumor size (56 mm for T790M-positive vs 39 mm for T790M-negative; P < .0001) and the presence of extrathoracic disease (58% for M1b-positive vs 39% for M0-1a-positive; P = .002). Progression-free survival (PFS) was prolonged in randomized patients (tissue T790M-positive) with a T790M-negative cobas plasma result in comparison with those with a T790M-positive plasma result in both osimertinib (median, 12.5 vs 8.3 months) and platinum-pemetrexed groups (median, 5.6 vs 4.2 months). CONCLUSIONS: PPA was similar between ddPCR and NGS assays; both were more sensitive than cobas plasma. All 3 test platforms are suitable for routine clinical practice. In patients with tissue T790M-positive NSCLC, an absence of detectable plasma T790M at the baseline is associated with longer PFS, which may be attributed to a lower disease burden.
We investigated whether we could identify a panel of miRNAs associated with response to treatment in tumor tissues of patients with Hormone Receptor-positive/HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer treated with endocrine therapy (ET) and the CDK4/6 inhibitor (CDK4/6i)i palbociclib. In total, 52 patients were evaluated, with 41 receiving treatment as the first line. The overall median PFS was 20.8 months (range 2.5-66.6). In total, 23% of patients experienced early progression (<6 months). Seven miRNAs (miR-378e, miR-1233, miR-99b-5p, miR-1260b, miR-448, -miR-1252-5p, miR-324-3p, miR-1233-3p) showed a statistically significant negative association with PFS. When we considered PFS < 6 months, miR-378e, miR-99b-5p, miR-877-5p, miR-1297, miR-455-5p, and miR-4536-5p were statistically associated with a poor outcome. In the multivariate analysis, the first three miRNAs confirmed a significant and independent impact on PFS. The literature data and bioinformatic tools provide an underlying molecular rationale for most of these miRNAs, mainly involving the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway and cell-cycle machinery as cyclin D1, CDKN1B, and protein p27(Kip1) and autophagy. Our findings propose a novel panel of miRNAs associated with a higher likelihood of early progression in patients treated with ET and Palbociclib and may contribute to shed some light on the mechanisms of de novo resistance to CDK4/6i, but this should be considered exploratory and evaluated in larger cohorts.
Purpose: Plasma cell-free DNA (cfDNA) analysis is increasingly used clinically for cancer genotyping, but may lead to incidental identification of germline-risk alleles. We studied EGFR T790M mutations in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) toward the aim of discriminating germline and cancer-derived variants within cfDNA.Experimental Design: Patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC, some with known germline EGFR T790M, underwent plasma genotyping. Separately, deidentified genomic data and buffy coat specimens from a clinical plasma next-generation sequencing (NGS) laboratory were reviewed and tested.Results: In patients with germline T790M mutations, the T790M allelic fraction (AF) in cfDNA approximates 50%, higher than that of EGFR driver mutations. Review of plasma NGS results reveals three groups of variants: a low-AF tumor group, a heterozygous group ( approximately 50% AF), and a homozygous group ( approximately 100% AF). As the EGFR driver mutation AF increases, the distribution of the heterozygous group changes, suggesting increased copy number variation from increased tumor content. Excluding cases with high copy number variation, mutations can be differentiated into somatic variants and incidentally identified germline variants. We then developed a bioinformatic algorithm to distinguish germline and somatic mutations; blinded validation in 21 cases confirmed a 100% positive predictive value for predicting germline T790M. Querying a database of 31,414 patients with plasma NGS, we identified 48 with germline T790M, 43 with nonsquamous NSCLC (P < 0.0001).Conclusions: With appropriate bioinformatics, plasma genotyping can accurately predict the presence of incidentally detected germline risk alleles. This finding in patients indicates a need for genetic counseling and confirmatory germline testing. Clin Cancer Res; 23(23); 7351-9. (c)2017 AACR.
The past 15 years has seen a marked increase in available therapeutic options for patients with metastatic colorectal cancer resulting in improvements in median survival from 12 to 24 months. One of these new options is panitumumab, which is a fully humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor of tumor cells and inhibits downstream cell signaling with antitumor effects of inhibition of tumor growth, induction of apoptosis and inhibition of angiogenesis. Large randomized clinical trials have demonstrated significant improvements in tumor response rates and progression-free survival when panitumumab is combined with chemotherapy and as monotherapy in chemorefractory metastatic colorectal cancer. Clinical benefit with panitumumab is limited to patients with nonmutated KRAS tumors. Rash is a common toxicity of panitumumab treatment but can potentially be ameliorated with the use of prophylactic strategies. The role of panitumumab in the overall treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer is evolving and future clinical trials will focus on improved patient selection through use of novel predictive biomarkers, and the optimal timing of treatment.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) with the absence of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and HER2 ptotein, is the highly aggressive subtype of breast cancer that exhibits poor prognosis and high tumor recurrence. It is vital to develop effective agents regulating the core molecular pathway of TNBC. Through a medium throughput screening and iterative medicinal chemistry optimization, we identified compound 7h as an autophagic flux inhibitor, which showed potent activities against human TNBC (MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-468) cell lines with IC(50) values of 8.3 muM, and 6.0 muM, respectively, which are comparable to the potency of 5-FU and Cisplatin, the first line therapies for TNBC. Extensive investigation of mechanisms of action indicated that 7h inhibits autophagic flux and sequential accumulation of p62, leading to DNA damage and disrepair in TNBC cells. Importantly, nuclear p62 accumulation induced by compound 7h results in the inhibition of RNF168-mediated chromatin ubiquitination and the degradation of HR-related proteins in regulating the DNA damage response (DDR) process. In in vivo studies, compound 7h completely suppressed tumor growth in the MDA-MB-231 xenograft model at a dose of 15 mg/kg/q.d. Our findings indicate that compound 7h is an autophagic flux inhibitor and induced the degradation of HR-related proteins. Compound 7h could be potentially developed as an anti-cancer therapeutics for TNBC.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR, also known as HER1) and HER2, prominent members of receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) superfamily, have been reported as diagnostic or prognostic markers in tumor progression. Based on the importance of molecular hybridization of pyrazoline and thiazole scaffolds in the discovery of potent anticancer agents, new thiazolyl-pyrazoline derivatives (3a-v) were synthesized and screened for their cytotoxic effects on A549 human lung adenocarcinoma, MCF-7 human breast adenocarcinoma and A375 human melanoma cell lines. 1-(4-(4-Fluorophenyl)thiazol-2-yl)-3-(4-morpholinophenyl)-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-pyrazoline (3c),1-(4-(4-cyanophenyl)thiazol-2-yl)-3-(4-morpholinophenyl)-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-pyrazoline (3f) and 1-(4-(4-cyanophenyl)thiazol-2-yl)-3-(4-piperidinophenyl)-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-pyrazoline (3q) were found as the most potent anticancer agents against A549 and MCF-7cell lines compared to erlotinib. Compound 3q also showed moderate cytotoxic activity against A375cell line. Moreover, these compounds exert a cancer cell-selective action against Jurkat cell line posing no toxicity on peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). In order to enlighten the mechanism of action underlying anticancer activity, compounds 3c, 3f and 3q were investigated for their apoptotic effects on A549 and MCF-7cell lines and inhibitory potencies against eight different RTKs including EGFR and HER2 compared to erlotinib. The results indicated that compounds 3f and 3q induced apoptosis in both cell lines and showed significant EGFR inhibitory activity with IC(50) values of 4.34+/-0.66 muM and 4.71+/-0.84muM, respectively when compared with erlotinib (IC(50)=0.05+/-0.01muM). Besides, compound 3f also inhibited HER2 notably with an IC(50) value of 2.28+/-0.53muM making it a dual EGFR and HER2 inhibitor. Molecular docking studies, which were conducted to support the in vitro assays, pointed out that compound 3f showed high affinity into the ATP binding sites of EGFR and HER2.
Taxol is a first-line chemoagent used for treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). A major obstacle to achieving successful treatment is the development of cellular taxol drug resistance. Aberrant DNA methylation has been recognized to be associated with the transcriptional inactivation of genes related to cancer drug resistance development. To identify the mechanism of DNA methylation involved in NPC taxol resistance, we applied a genome-wide DNA methylation microarray assay to reveal methylation alteration in taxol-resistant NPC cell lines (CNE-1/taxol, 5-8F/taxol, HNE-2/taxol) established previously in our laboratory. Combining with gene expression microarray, we identified drug resistance-associated genes in taxol-resistant cell lines. We also investigated the coeffect of taxol and the DNA methyltransferase inhibitor 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC) to confirm the involvement of DNA methylation. The methylation profiling revealed differential patterns between the drug-sensitive and -resistant cell lines. As a result, taxol-resistant cell lines were detected to be globally hypermethylated. Forty-eight differentially methylated genes (30 hypermethylated and 18 hypomethylated) were further identified commonly in the three taxol-resistant cell lines. Six of them (DLC1, CHFR, ABCC5, PEG10, ERBB2, and GSTP1) were independently confirmed to contribute to taxol resistance by both methylation-specific PCR and quantitative real-time PCR. Finally, we conclude that DNA methylation is closely correlated with taxol drug resistance in NPC cells. Combined analysis of DNA methylation and gene expression may enable the discovery of new therapeutic targets and prognostic biomarkers of cancers. Furthermore, DNA methylation inhibitors can reverse chemoresistance and prevent the development of acquired drug resistance.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Given the evolution of neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) for breast cancer, this study aimed to analyze trends in NAT regimens over time and patients' pathological responses, tumor stages, and subtypes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were analyzed for 548 patients with cT1-4N0-3M0 breast cancer who received NAT at Shandong Cancer Hospital between 2011 and 2022. The 12-year study period was divided into six 2-year periods termed P1 to P6. RESULTS: From P1 to P6, the proportion of stage II patients treated with NAT increased from 6.4% to 33.8% compared with same-stage operable breast cancer (r = 0.228, P < 0.001), while the proportion of the full-course group increased from 50.0% to 99.0% (r = 0.354, P < 0.001). The pathologic complete remission (pCR) rate in the full-course group increased from 30.8% to 54.6% (r = 0.248, P < 0.001). In the full-course human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 positive (HER2+) group, the proportion of chemotherapy combined with inhibition therapy increased from 33.3% to 100% (r = 0.530, P < 0.001). Furthermore, dual inhibition therapy increased from 0 to 98.9%. The proportion of the nonanthracycline group (dual inhibition) increased from 56.0% at P5 to 76.6% at P6 (r = 0.190, P = 0.042). In the full-course Triple-Negative Breast Cancer (TNBC) group, the proportion of platinum therapy increased from 0 to 41.9% (r = 0.324, P < 0.001) and immune drugs increased from 0 to 53.2% (r = 0.500, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Overall, the results indicate an increasing proportion of patients receiving NAT therapy over time. Furthermore, there were increases in HER2 + patients receiving inhibition therapy (especially dual inhibition) and TNBC patients receiving platinum and immune therapy as part of NAT. Notably, these changes were associated with improved outcomes.
PURPOSE: The Trastuzumab for gastric cancer (GC) trial identified human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) as a predictor of successful treatment with trastuzumab (HER2 receptor targeting agent) among patients with advanced/metastatic GC. To date, the prevalence of HER2 overexpression in the Korean population is unknown. The present study aimed to assess the incidence of HER2 positivity among GC and gastroesophageal (GE) junction cancer samples and the relationship between HER2 overexpression and clinicopathological characteristics in Korean patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Tumor samples collected from 1,695 patients with histologically proven GC or GE junction enrolled at 14 different hospitals in Korea were examined. After gathering clinicopathological data of all patients, HER2 status was assessed by immunohistochemistry (IHC) at each hospital, and IHC 2+ cases were subjected to silver-enhanced in situ hybridization at 3 central laboratories. RESULTS: A total of 182 specimens tested positive for HER2, whereas 1,505 tested negative. Therefore, the overall HER2-positive rate in this study was 10.8% (95% confidence interval=9.3%-12.3%). The HER2-positive rate was higher among intestinal-type cases (17.6%) than among other types, and was higher among patients older than 70 years and 50 years of age, compared to other age groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our evaluation of the HER2 positivity rate (10.8%) among Korean patients with GC and GE junction indicated the necessity of epidemiological data when conducting studies related to HER2 expression in GC and GE junction.
To evaluate the correlation of various clinic-pathological variables with axillary nodal involvement in T1 breast cancer & to identify a sub-group of T1 cancers, on the basis of observed variables, with a low risk of axillary nodal metastases. Clinico-pathological variables observed included tumor size, lymphovascular invasion (LVI), histological grade of tumor, tumor palpability, estrogen/progesterone (ER/PR) & her2/neu receptors, age, family history, histological type of tumor, axillary nodal metastases for 100 patients without clinically palpable nodes who underwent axillary lymph node dissection in Bombay Hospital & Medical Research Center from March, 2009. Data compiled was analyzed by univariate & multivariate analysis. All the variables viz. tumor size, LVI, histological grade, tumor palpability & ER/PR/Her2 receptor profile, which were found to be significantly associated with axillary lymph node involvement (ALNI) on univariate analysis were also found to be independent predictors of ALNI on multivariate analysis. Age of the patient, family history & histological type of tumor were not significantly correlated with ALNI. None of the 12 patients with tumor biomarker profile of T1a-b tumors without LVI & with histological grade I, had ALNI. The risk of ALNI can be predicted by using various tumor biomarker variables. Based on the predicted risk of ALNI, the management strategy for axilla can be individualized. The omission of operative axillary staging may be considered in patients with low predictive risk of ALNI.
Triple-negative breast cancers (TNBCs) are defined by lack of expressions of estrogen, progesterone, and ERBB2 receptors. Because biology of TNBC is poorly understood, no targeted therapy has been developed for this breast cancer subtype and chemotherapy is its only systemic treatment modality. In this study, we firstly determined that the expression of human ecto-ADP-ribosyltransferase 3 (ART3) is significantly associated with the basal-like breast cancer subgroup, which is largely overlapped with TNBC, through analyzing published data sets. We also found that ART3 protein is significantly overexpressed in human TNBC tumors tissue and cell lines through using immunohistochemistry and immunoblotting. Overexpression of ART3 in MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells increased cell proliferation, invasion, and survival in vitro and growth of xenograft tumors. Conversely, knockdown of ART3 in breast cancer cells inhibited cell proliferation and invasion. In addition, we showed that ART 3 overexpression activated AKT and ERK in vitro and in xenograft tumors. Together, our findings demonstrate that ART3 is a critical TNBC marker with functional significance.
PURPOSE: To assess the dynamic link between continuous estrogen receptor (ER) expression and long-term clinical outcomes in non-metastatic breast cancer and to identify the ideal cutoff value for ER expression to optimize endocrine therapy use. METHODS: The study included 3055 female patients with stage II or III HER2-negative breast cancer. The primary outcomes were time to recurrence or death (TTR) and overall survival (OS). We used a novel shape-restricted Cox model to determine the desirable ER expression cutoff to predict breast cancer prognoses. Our novel model allows ER as a continuous variable, utilizing a flexible monotone-shaped Cox regression to assess its association with survival outcomes holistically. RESULTS: The shape-restricted Cox model identified 10% ER as the preferred cutoff to predict TTR. The finding was confirmed by the log-rank test and standard Cox model that patients with ER >/= 10% had TTR benefit over ER < 10% (log-rank p < 0.001). No OS or TTR benefit of adjuvant endocrine therapy was observed in patients with 1% </= ER < 10% (HR 0.877, 95% CI 0.481-1.600, p = 0.668 for TTR and HR 0.698, 95% CI 0.337-1.446, p = 0.333 for OS). CONCLUSIONS: Using the shape-restricted Cox model, this study suggests a potential preferred threshold of 10% for predicting TTR. The findings could assist physicians in effectively weighing the benefits and risks of adjuvant endocrine therapy for patients with ER < 10% disease, particularly in cases involving severe adverse events. Further prospective studies are warranted to validate the recommended cutoff value.
The phenomenal rise in cancer over the past few years has made it the second leading cause of death worldwide. Breast cancer constitutes the predominant cancer encountered in women. Triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) is the most notorious form of breast cancer which involves absence of the estrogen, progesterone and human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) on breast cancer cells. It is a real challenge for oncologists owing to the recurrence and metastasis which result in poor prognosis. Conventional therapies employed in treatment of TNBC suffer from issues of poor bioavailability, poor cellular uptake, resistance, and undesirable off-site toxicities. Nanosized delivery systems, herein designated as nanosoldiers can be smartly designed to be equipped with multiple weapons (drugs, genetic materials, photosensitizers, etc.) to fight the battle against recalcitrant TNBC in a myriad of ways such as bioavailability enhancement, targeted uptake by the TNBC cells, on-demand drug delivery at tumour site, combination therapy, multimodal therapy, photodynamic therapy, photothermal therapy, anti-metastatic approaches, theranostics, etc. The versatility of nanosoldiers with respect to their material of composition, their mechanism of drug loading and release, ability to modify in vivo drug disposition, multifunctional characteristics enabling detection, treatment, and monitoring, etc. endows them with incredible potential to destroy the intractable TNBC cells. The focus of the review is to highlight the extraordinary potential of nanocarriers in treatment of TNBC and few challenges which need to be overcome for these nanosoldiers to form a part of the clinical armamentarium of anticancer agents.
BACKGROUND: The phase III SANDPIPER study assessed taselisib (GDC-0032), a potent, selective PI3K inhibitor, plus fulvestrant in estrogen receptor-positive, HER2-negative, PIK3CA-mutant locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Postmenopausal women with disease recurrence/progression during/after an aromatase inhibitor were randomized 2 : 1 to receive taselisib (4 mg; taselisib arm) or placebo (placebo arm) plus fulvestrant (500 mg). Stratification factors were visceral disease, endocrine sensitivity, and geographic region. Patients with PIK3CA-mutant tumors (central cobas(R) PIK3CA Mutation Test) were randomized separately from those without detectable mutations. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival (INV-PFS) in patients with PIK3CA-mutant tumors. Secondary endpoints included objective response rate, overall survival, clinical benefit rate, duration of objective response, PFS by blinded independent central review (BICR-PFS), safety, and time to deterioration in health-related quality of life. RESULTS: The PIK3CA-mutant intention-to-treat population comprised 516 patients (placebo arm: n = 176; taselisib arm: n = 340). INV-PFS was significantly improved in the taselisib 7.4 months [95% confidence interval (CI), 7.26-9.07] versus placebo arm (5.4 months [95% CI, 3.68-7.29]) (stratified hazard ratio [HR] 0.70; 95% CI, 0.56-0.89; P = 0.0037) and confirmed by BICR-PFS (HR 0.66). Secondary endpoints, including objective response rate, clinical benefit rate, and duration of objective response, showed consistent improvements in the taselisib arm. Safety was assessed in all randomized patients who received at least one dose of taselisib/placebo or fulvestrant regardless of PIK3CA-mutation status (n = 629). Serious adverse events were lower in the placebo versus taselisib arm (8.9% versus 32.0%). There were more discontinuations (placebo arm: 2.3%; taselisib arm: 16.8%) and dose reductions (placebo arm: 2.3%; taselisib arm: 36.5%) in the taselisib arm. CONCLUSION: SANDPIPER met its primary endpoint; however, the combination of taselisib plus fulvestrant has no clinical utility given its safety profile and modest clinical benefit.
Therapy with trastuzumab confers a survival benefit in HER2 positive advanced gastric and gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma. HER2 status is evaluated by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and in situ hybridization (ISH). An ISH ratio of HER2 to centromere 17 (CEP17) >/=2.0 is considered amplified. This assumes that CEP17 reflects chromosomal copy number. Cases where CEP17 exceeds 3 are classified as polysomic, but it's unknown if they represent true polysomy or centromeric amplification. This has implications on the validity of current ISH criteria. Multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) allows simultaneous quantification of multiple loci and can distinguish between true polysomy and centromeric amplification. We selected 13 gastric cancers with CEP17 counts >/=3.0 (polyCEP17), and 8 non-polyCEP17 gastric cancer controls. Silver ISH for HER2 and CEP17 were performed and scored by manufacturer guidelines. We also performed an MLPA HER2 assay that evaluates 22 genes on chromosome 17. MLPA identified HER2 amplification in 7 polyCEP17 cases compared to 2 identified by ISH. Overall, 9 of 13 polyCEP17 cases had amplification of the peri-centromeric gene WSB1, compared to 1 of 8 non-polyCEP17 controls (p=0.02). This could account for ISH CEP17 counts >/=3.0. MLPA did not show any cases of complete chromosome 17 duplication and peri-centromeric amplification can explain most cases of ISH polyCEP17. Current ISH criteria may under-diagnose HER2 amplification in polyCEP17 cases due to flawed assumptions about polysomy. MLPA can detect HER2 amplification missed by IHC and ISH, and thus may be an effective ancillary technique in evaluating HER2 status.
Cancer of unknown primary site (CUP) ranks as the fourth most common cause of cancer deaths. Regression of the primary, early development of systemic metastases and resistance to therapy are hallmarks of this heterogeneous clinical entity. Targeted therapy offers promise for improvement of outcome of such patients, but it is currently hindered by lack of known molecular targets on which tumours are dependent for growth. In this review, we present the gene and protein profiling studies done on expression of oncogenes, tumour-suppressor genes and angiogenesis effectors and discuss the therapeutic potential of developed targeted agents. Existing data show occasional overexpression of Ras, BCL2 oncoproteins, absence of active EGFR/c-KIT/PDGFR signalling, uncommon presence of tumour-suppressor gene mutations and highly active angiogenesis in CUP. High-throughput multi-gene, multi-protein platforms offer promise for unravelling the complex molecular pathophysiology of CUP, for identification of targets suitable for modulation and ultimately hope for abrogation of its aggressive natural history.
INTRODUCTION: Activating RAS gene mutations occur in approximately 55% of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and are associated with poorer clinical outcomes due to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) blockade resistance. Combined EGFR and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MEK) inhibition may extend response to EGFR inhibition and overcome acquired resistance. This phase Ib/II dose escalation trial evaluated the safety and activity of dual inhibition with binimetinib (MEK1/2 inhibitor) and panitumumab (EGFR inhibitor [EGFRi]) in patients with RAS mutant or BRAF wild type (WT)/RAS WT mCRC. METHODS: Phase Ib dose escalation started with binimetinib 45 mg twice daily plus panitumumab 6 mg/kg administered every 2 weeks. In the phase II study, patients with measurable mCRC were enrolled into 4 groups based on previous anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody therapy and RAS mutational status. RESULTS: No patients in the phase Ib portion (n = 10) had a response; 70% of patients had stable disease. In the phase II portion (n = 43), overall response rate (ORR, confirmed) was 2.3% with one partial response in the RAS WT group, DCR was 30.2%, and median progression-free survival was 1.8 months (95%CI, 1.6-3.3). All patients experienced >/=1 adverse event, with the most common being diarrhea (71.7%), vomiting (52.8%), nausea (50.9%), fatigue (49.1%), dermatitis acneiform (43.4%), and rash (41.5%). Most patients required treatment interruption or dose reduction due to difficulties tolerating treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of binimetinib and panitumumab had substantial toxicity and limited clinical activity for patients with mutant or WT RAS mCRC, independent of EGFRi treatment history (Trial registration: NCT01927341).
Deciphering the complex network structure is crucial in drug target identification. This study presents a framework incorporating graph theoretic and network decomposition methods to analyze system-level properties of the comprehensive map of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling, which is a good candidate model system to study the general mechanisms of signal transduction. The graph theoretic analysis of the EGFR network indicates that it has small-world characteristics with scale-free topology. The employment of network decomposition analysis enlightened the system-level properties, such as network cross-talk, specific molecules in each pathway and participation of molecules in the network. Participating in a significant fraction of the fundamental paths connecting the ligands to the phenotypes, cofactor GTP and complex Gbeta/Ggamma were identified as "housekeeping" molecules, through which all pathways of EGFR network are cross-talking. c-Src-Shc complex is identified as important due to its role in all fundamental paths through tumorigenesis and being specific to this phenotype. Inhibitors of this complex may be good anti-cancer agents having very little or no effect on other phenotypes.
Treatment of metastatic non-small-cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) has long been based on cytotoxic chemotherapy. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), notably monoclonal antibodies directed against programmed cell death protein-1 (PD-1) or its ligand (PD-L1), have transformed therapeutic standards in thoracic oncology. These ICIs are now the reference first-line therapy, and numerous phase III trials have established their efficacy in treatment-naive patients. First-line pembrolizumab monotherapy was validated for patients with >/= 50% of tumor cells expressing PD-L1 and, in the USA, for patients with >/= 1% PD-L1 positivity. More recently, cemiplimab as monotherapy was also validated for patients whose tumors expressed >/= 50% PD-L1. Several ICIs (pembrolizumab, atezolizumab, nivolumab, and recently durvalumab) in combination with chemotherapy achieved overall survival gains among "all comers", compared with chemotherapy alone. The results were more contrasting for paired immunotherapies combining anti-PD-L1 and anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen-4 agents, with the benefit/risk balance not yet fully established. Recently, nivolumab-ipilimumab and two chemotherapy cycles limited patient exposure to chemotherapy and obtained positive results compared with the latter alone. However, those phase III trials included selected patients in good general condition and without active brain metastases. Little is known about immunotherapy and combination immunotherapy-chemotherapy efficacies in never-smokers or patients with tumors harboring an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation or anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) translocation. In this review, we report our analysis of the main results available on first-line ICI use, as monotherapy or combined or in combination with chemotherapy, to treat metastatic NSCLCs in general and also for specific populations: the elderly, never-smokers, patients with brain metastases, and those with an EGFR mutation or ALK translocation.
PURPOSE: Okadaic acid class of tumor promoters are transformed into endogenous protein inhibitors of PP2A, SET, and CIP2A in human cancers. This indicates that inhibition of PP2A activity is a common mechanism of cancer progression in humans. It is important to study the roles of SET and CIP2A vis-a-vis their clinical significance on the basis of new information gathered from a search of PubMed. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The first part of this review introduces the carcinogenic roles of TNF-alpha and IL-1, which are induced by the okadaic acid class of compounds. The second part describes unique features of SET and CIP2A in cancer progression for several types of human cancer: (1) SET-expressing circulating tumor cells (SET-CTCs) in breast cancer, (2) knockdown of CIP2A and increased PP2A activity in chronic myeloid leukemia, (3) CIP2A and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activity in erlotinib sensitive- and resistant-non-small cell lung cancer, (4) SET antagonist EMQA plus radiation therapy against hepatocellular carcinoma, (5) PP2A inactivation as a common event in colorectal cancer, (6) prostate cancer susceptibility variants, homeobox transcription factor (HOXB13 T) and CIP2A T, and (7) SET inhibitor OP449 for pre-clinical investigation of pancreatic cancer. In the Discussion, the binding complex of SET is briefly introduced, and overexpression of SET and CIP2A proteins is discussed in relation to age-associated chronic inflammation (inflammaging). CONCLUSION: This review establishes the concept that inhibition of PP2A activity is a common mechanism of human cancer progression and activation of PP2A activity leads to effective anticancer therapy.
Osimertinib is a third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) approved for the treatment of metastatic EGFR T790M mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in patients failing previous TKI therapy. The T790M mutation is an acquired resistance mechanism found in over half of patients with NSCLC progressing on first-generation TKIs. First- and second-generation TKIs do not inhibit the T790M mutation at clinically relevant concentrations. Osimertinib is selective for mutated forms of EGFR, including the TKI-sensitizing mutations L858R and exon 19 deletions, as well as the acquired T790M resistance mutation. In a trial comparing osimertinib to platinum doublet therapy among patients with the T790M mutation progressing on first-line TKI therapy, median progression-free survival was significantly longer in patients receiving osimertinib. Osimertinib has a favorable safety profile compared to platinum-doublet chemotherapy. Common adverse events include diarrhea, skin rash, dry skin, and paronychia; however, because it spares wild-type EGFR, these toxicities appear to occur with less frequency and severity compared to other TKIs. Serious, but rare, adverse events include pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease-like events, QT interval prolongation, and reduced ejection fraction. Osimertinib has the unique ability to distribute readily into brain tissue compared with other TKIs, giving it a potential role in the treatment and/or prevention of CNS metastases; future studies are warranted in this area. An ongoing study evaluating osimertinib versus first-generation TKIs as first-line treatment for patients with EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC may help to define the role of osimertinib as front-line therapy.
AIM: Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are attractive candidates for biomarker research, because their content reflects the parental cell status. This study aimed to examine whether tumor cell derived EVs mirrored the cellular changes caused by treatment with cetuximab, a therapeutic antibody that blocks activation of EGF receptor (EGFR). MATERIALS & METHODS: A-431 cells were treated with cetuximab for 48 h. EVs were isolated using differential centrifugation and protein content was analyzed using western blotting. RESULTS: EV levels of EGFR and phospho-EGFR were reduced after cetuximab treatment, reflecting similar changes in the parental cells. In addition, cetuximab was found associated with EVs. CONCLUSION: EVs could serve as biomarkers to monitor cetuximab treatment. Association of cetuximab with EVs might influence its behavior.
On December 1, the FDA approved a second cancer biosimilar, trastuzumab-dkst. The drug was approved to treat patients with HER2-positive breast and metastatic stomach cancers.
The development of novel anti-HER2 drugs opens new treatment options for women with breast cancers, including lower expression of HER2. The epidemiology and clinical outcome of metastatic HER2-low breast cancer remain not well described. We designed a retrospective cohort study of the 2010-2017 National Cancer Database (NCDB) was designed to compare the overall survival of HER2-low and HER2-zero de novo metastatic breast cancer with systemic therapy. Multivariable Cox regression models were performed to estimate hazard ratios (HR), adjusting for sociodemographic and clinical factors. A total of 20,636 of 30,929 (66.7%) patients were HER2-low and 10,293 (33.3%) were HER2-zero. When stratified by hormonal receptor status, HER2-low tumors account for 18,066 (69.7%) cases in HR+/HER2- population and 2570 (51.4%) cases in HR-/HER2- population. The prevalence of HER2-low tumors was similar across racial groups with a slightly lower prevalence among the Hispanic population. Women with HER2-low tumors had longer overall survival (OS) than women with Her2-zero tumors in both HR-positive (median OS 39.0 months vs. 37.1 months; adjusted HR: 0.95, 95%CI (0.91-0.98)) and HR-negative groups (median OS 15.8 months vs. 14.1 months; adjusted HR: 0.92 95%CI (0.86-0.98)). The survival advantage was primarily observed in patients who received chemotherapy as their first line of treatment (HR 0.92 95%CI (0.88-0.96) vs. 0.99 95%CI (0.94-1.04), p-interaction = 0.04). In summary, HER2-low tumors, irrespective of hormone receptor status, have better survival than HER2-zero tumors in the de-novo metastatic setting. The survival advantage was primarily observed in patients who received chemotherapy in the first line.
PURPOSE: CDK4/6 inhibitors (CDK4/6i) combined with endocrine therapy are considered standard-of-care for first-line therapy of patients with hormone receptor positive, HER2 negative, advanced breast cancer (HR+/HER2- ABC). Superiority of combination therapy over endocrine monotherapy has been demonstrated in a multitude of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in phase III and IV. However, RCTs reflect clinical reality only to a limited extent, as narrow inclusion criteria lead to a selected patient collective. Here, we present real-world data (RWD) on CDK4/6i treatment in patients with HR+/HER2- ABC at four certified German university breast cancer centers. METHODS: Patients diagnosed with HR+/HER2- ABC who were treated in clinical routine with CDK4/6i between November 2016 and December 2020 at four certified German university breast cancer centers (Saarland University Medical Center, University Medical Center Charite Berlin, University Medical Center Bonn, and University Medical Center Hospital Schleswig-Holstein, Campus Kiel) were identified and enrolled in this retrospective study. Clinicopathological characteristics and clinical outcomes were recorded with particular emphasis on CDK4/6i therapy course [progression-free survival (PFS) following treatment initiation, toxicity, dose reduction, therapy discontinuation, prior and subsequent therapy line]. RESULTS: Data from n = 448 patients were evaluated. The mean patient age was 63 (+/-12) years. Of these patients, n = 165 (36.8%) were primarily metastasized, and n = 283 (63.2%) had secondary metastatic disease. N = 319 patients (71.3%) received palbociclib, n = 114 patients (25.4%) received ribociclib, and n = 15 patients (3.3%) received abemaciclib, respectively. Dose reduction was performed in n = 132 cases (29.5%). N = 57 patients (12.7%) discontinued the treatment with CDK4/6i due to side effects. N = 196 patients (43.8%) experienced disease progression under CDK4/6i treatment. The median PFS was 17 months. Presence of hepatic metastases and prior therapy lines were associated with shorter PFS, whereas estrogen positivity and dose reduction due to toxicity were positively associated with PFS. Presence of bone and lung metastases, progesterone positivity, Ki67 index, grading, BRCA1/2 and PIK3CA mutation status, adjuvant endocrine resistance, and age did not significantly impact on PFS. CONCLUSION: Our RWD analysis on CDK4/6i treatment in Germany supports data from RCTs regarding both treatment efficacy and safety of CDK4/6i for treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- ABC. In comparison to data from the pivotal RCTs, median PFS was lower but within the expected range for RWD, which could result from inclusion of patients with more advanced diseases (i.e., higher therapy lines) to our dataset.
AIMS: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is essential to the development of multiple tissues and organs and is a target of cancer therapeutics. Due to the embryonic lethality of global EGFR deletion and conflicting reports of cardiac-overexpressed EGFR mutants, its specific impact on the adult heart, normally or in response to chronic stress, has not been established. Using complimentary genetic strategies to modulate cardiomyocyte-specific EGFR expression, we aim to define its role in the regulation of cardiac function and remodelling. METHODS AND RESULTS: A floxed EGFR mouse model with alpha-myosin heavy chain-Cre-mediated cardiomyocyte-specific EGFR downregulation (CM-EGFR-KD mice) developed contractile dysfunction by 9 weeks of age, marked by impaired diastolic relaxation, as monitored via echocardiographic, haemodynamic, and isolated cardiomyocyte contractility analyses. This contractile defect was maintained over time without overt cardiac remodelling until 10 months of age, after which the mice ultimately developed severe heart failure and reduced lifespan. Acute downregulation of EGFR in adult floxed EGFR mice with adeno-associated virus 9 (AAV9)-encoded Cre with a cardiac troponin T promoter (AAV9-cTnT-Cre) recapitulated the CM-EGFR-KD phenotype, while AAV9-cTnT-EGFR treatment of adult CM-EGFR-KD mice rescued the phenotype. Notably, chronic administration of the beta-adrenergic receptor agonist isoproterenol effectively and reversibly compensated for the contractile dysfunction in the absence of cardiomyocyte hypertrophy in CM-EGFR-KD mice. Mechanistically, EGFR downregulation reduced the expression of protein phosphatase 2A regulatory subunit Ppp2r3a/PR72, which was associated with decreased phosphorylation of phospholamban and Ca2+ clearance, and whose re-expression via AAV9-cTnT-PR72 rescued the CM-EGFR-KD phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: Altogether, our study highlights a previously unrecognized role for EGFR in maintaining contractile homeostasis under physiologic conditions in the adult heart via regulation of PR72 expression.
INTRODUCTION: Durvalumab improves survival when used as consolidation therapy after chemoradiation (CRT) in patients with stage III NSCLC. The optimal consolidation therapy for patients with EGFR-mutant (EGFRmut) stage III NSCLC remains unknown. METHODS: In this multi-institutional, international retrospective analysis across 24 institutions, we evaluated outcomes in patients with stage III EGFRmut NSCLC treated with concurrent CRT followed by consolidation therapy with osimertinib, durvalumab, or observation between 2015 and 2022. Kaplan-Meier method was used to estimate real-world progression-free survival (rwPFS, primary end point) and overall survival (secondary end point). Treatment-related adverse events (trAEs) during consolidation treatment were defined using Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 5.0. Multivariable Cox regression analysis was used. RESULTS: Of 136 patients with stage III EGFRmut NSCLC treated with definitive concurrent CRT, 56 received consolidation durvalumab, 33 received consolidation osimertinib, and 47 was on observation alone. Baseline characteristics were similar across the three cohorts. With a median follow-up of 46 months for the entire cohort, the median duration of treatment was not reached (NR) for osimertinib (interquartile range: NR-NR) and was 5.5 (interquartile range: 2.4-10.8) months with durvalumab. After adjusting for nodal status, stage III A/B/C, and age, patients treated with consolidation osimertinib had significantly longer 24-month rwPFS compared to those treated with durvalumab or in the observation cohorts (osimertinib: 86%, durvalumab: 30%, observation: 27%, p < 0.001 for both comparisons). There was no difference in rwPFS between the durvalumab and the observation cohorts. No significant difference in overall survival across the three cohorts was detected, likely due to the limited follow-up. Any-grade trAE occurred in 52% (2 [6.1%] grade >/=3) and 48% (10 [18%] grade >/=3) of patients treated with osimertinib and durvalumab, respectively. Of 45 patients who progressed on consolidation durvalumab, 37 (82%) subsequently received EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Of these, 14 (38%) patients developed trAEs including five patients with pneumonitis (14%; 2 [5.4%] grade >/=3) and five patients with diarrhea (14%; 1 [2.7%] grade >/=3). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that among patients with stage III unresectable NSCLC with a sensitizing EGFR mutation, consolidation osimertinib was associated with a significantly longer rwPFS compared to durvalumab or observation. No unanticipated safety signals were observed with consolidation osimertinib.
BACKGROUND: Panitumumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), is used as monotherapy for chemorefractory metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in patients with wild-type (WT) KRAS tumors. Although skin toxicities are the most common adverse events associated with EGFR inhibitors, the differences in efficacy and safety between pre-emptive and reactive skin treatment according to KRAS tumor status has not been reported. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Eligible patients had mCRC with disease progression or unacceptable toxicity with first-line treatment containing fluoropyrimidine and oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy +/- bevacizumab. Patients were randomized 1:1 to pre-emptive or reactive skin treatment (after skin toxicity developed). Patients received either panitumumab 6 mg/kg + FOLFIRI every 2 weeks or panitumumab 9 mg/kg + irinotecan every 3 weeks. Key study endpoints included overall response rate (ORR), overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS), and safety according to KRAS tumor status. RESULTS: Eighty-seven (92%) of 95 enrolled patients had evaluable KRAS tumor status: 49 (56%) patients with WT and 38 (44%) patients with mutant (MT) KRAS tumors, respectively. The ORR was 16% and 8% for patients with WT and MT KRAS tumors, respectively. Median PFS was 5.5 and 3.3 months for patients with WT and MT KRAS tumors, respectively. The most commonly observed adverse events by KRAS tumor status included dermatitis acneiform and pruritus. CONCLUSION: Panitumumab in combination with irinotecan-based chemotherapy has an acceptable toxicity profile in second-line therapy for mCRC. Numerical differences trending in favor of the patients with WT KRAS tumors were observed for most efficacy endpoints.
Background: The 14-3-3zeta protein, which acts as a putative oncoprotein, has been found to promote the proliferation, metastasis, and chemoresistance of cancer cells in several cancers including lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD); however, its significance in epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) resistance remains unknown. Methods: The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database was used to determine 14-3-3zeta expression in pancancer and LUAD. 14-3-3zeta and ID1 expression was then examined in clinical LUAD samples by immunohistochemistry (IHC). Lentiviral transfection with 14-3-3zeta-specific small hairpin RNA (shRNA) was used to establish stable 14-3-3zeta knockdown gefitinib-resistant PC9 (PC9/GR) and H1975 cell lines. The effect of 14-3-3zeta knockdown on reversing EGFR-TKI resistance was determined in vitro by Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), wound healing, Transwell assays, and flow cytometry. A xenograft tumor model was established to evaluate the role of 14-3-3zeta in EGFR-TKI resistance. Microarray analysis results showed multiple pathways regulated by 14-3-3zeta-shRNA. Results: In the present study, we demonstrated that based on the TCGA, pancancer and LUAD 14-3-3zeta expression was elevated and predicted unfavorable prognosis. In addition, high 14-3-3zeta expression was associated with advanced T stage, TNM stage, presence of lymph node metastasis and, importantly, poor treatment response to EGFR-TKIs in LUAD patients with EGFR-activating mutations. 14-3-3zeta shRNA sensitized EGFR-TKI-resistant human LUAD cells to gefitinib and reversed epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). After 14-3-3zeta depletion, bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling activation was decreased in EGFR-TKI-resistant cells in microarray analysis, which was further validated by Western blot analysis. Furthermore, the expression of 14-3-3zeta positively correlates with ID1 expression in human EGFR-mutant LUAD patient samples. In vivo, there was a reduction in the tumor burden in mice treated with 14-3-3zeta shRNA and gefitinib compared to mice treated with gefitinib alone. Conclusion: Our work uncovers a hitherto unappreciated role of 14-3-3zeta in EGFR-TKI resistance. This study might provide a potential therapeutic approach for treating LUAD patients harboring EGFR mutations.
BRAF non-V600 mutations are a distinct molecular subset of colorectal cancer (CRC) that has little to no clinical similarity to the BRAF V600 mutations. It is generally considered that the BRAF non-V600 mutations correlate with better survival of CRC patients. In this report, we present an unusual case of that a midlife female patient who was initially diagnosed with stage IIIC colon cancer, and multiple metastases were found 25 months after radical surgery. Next-generation sequencing (NGS) revealed the BRAF p.N581I (c.1742A>T) mutation. She received chemotherapy, targeted therapy, and immunotherapy. However, the disease progressed rapidly with rare metastasis of the bone and cerebellum. This case highlights that the BRAF non-V600 mutations, such as BRAF p.N581I mutant, may lead to resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors and result in a rapid course in colorectal cancer. The role of BRAF p.N581I mutation in colorectal cancer demands more attention.
BACKGROUND: Pembrolizumab has shown significantly better efficacy than platinum doublet chemotherapy in patients with programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) strongly positive (tumor proportion score >/= 50%) non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the predictors of response to pembrolizumab have not yet been fully elucidated for patients with PD-L1 strongly positive NSCLC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed 145 patients who had been treated with pembrolizumab for PD-L1 strongly positive (TPS >/= 50%) NSCLC without an EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) mutation or ALK rearrangement from February 2017 to March 2020. Various clinical characteristics, including Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status, treatment line, PD-L1 expression, C-reactive protein level, neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio, and metastatic sites, and the clinical outcome of pembrolizumab treatment were examined. RESULTS: Patients with higher PD-L1 expression (>/= 75%; n = 90) had a higher objective response rate (ORR) and longer progression-free survival (PFS) compared with those with lower expression (50%-74%; n = 55; ORR, 51% vs. 33%; P = .0305; median PFS, 13.9 months vs. 5.2 months; P = .0111). In addition, 15 patients with liver metastasis (LM) had a significantly lower ORR and shorter PFS than the 130 patients without LM (ORR, 20% vs. 47%; P = .0468; median PFS, 3.4 months vs. 9.4 months; P = .0018). A multivariate analysis indicated that PD-L1 expression and LM were significant predictors of PFS after pembrolizumab treatment (higher PD-L1 expression: hazard ratio, 0.58; 95% confidence interval, 0.38-0.91; P = .0183; presence of LM: hazard ratio, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-3.82; P = .0420). CONCLUSION: PD-L1 expression and LM status were predictors of the efficacy of pembrolizumab in patients with PD-L1 strongly positive NSCLC.
The potential relevance of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations to non-small-cell lung cancer treatment has recently been identified. We have examined the presence of EGFR mutations in Japanese and Spanish gefitinib-treated non-small-cell lung cancer patients. A total of 34 gefitinib-treated patients were screened, 18 from Japan and 16 from Spain. Laser capture microdissection was performed for the accurate procurement of tumor cells. EGFR exons 18, 19 and 21 were amplified from genomic DNA by means of PCR, and the samples were then subjected to bi-directional automatic sequencing. EGFR somatic mutations in the tyrosine kinase domain were found in 8 of 34 patients (23.5%). Gefitinib response was observed in 7 of 8 patients (87.5%) with EGFR mutations and in 3 of 24 (12.5%) with wild-type EGFR (P=0.0003). Five deletion mutations were clustered in the region spanning codons 746 to 750 (ELREA) within exon 19. Three additional tumors had amino acid substitutions within exon 18, at codons 718 and 719. Logistic regression analysis showed that response was primarily linked to the presence of EGFR mutations and secondarily linked to female gender, non-smoker status and a greater number of prior chemotherapy regimens. The presence of EGFR mutations is a major determinant of gefitinib response, and EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors should be tested in clinical trials of first-line treatment of lung adenocarcinomas harboring EGFR mutations.
Urokinase-type plasminogen activator receptor (uPAR) and Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) are ubiquitous receptors involved in the control of a variety of cellular processes frequently found altered in cancer cells. The EGFR has been recently described to play a transduction role of uPAR stimuli, mediating uPA-induced proliferation in highly malignant cells that overexpress uPAR. We compared the uPA production, the presence of uPAR, AR, EGFR and Her2 with the chemotaxis and the Matrigel invasion in ten human PCa cell lines and observed that: (1) the levels of Her2, but not of EGFR, as well as the uPA secretion, cell motility and Matrigel invasion were statistically higher in AR negative than in AR positive PCa cells; (2) the uPA secretion and uPA Rexpression were positively related to Matrigel invasion; (3) the EGF was able to stimulate chemotaxis and Matrigel invasion in a dose-dependent manner; (4) the EGF-induced cell migration was statistically higher inAR negative than in AR positive cells with a similar increase with respect to basal value (about 2.6 fold); (5) the Matrigel invasion was statistically higher in AR negative than in AR positive PCa cells also if the increment of Matrigel invasion after EGF treatment was statistically higher in AR positive respect to AR negative cells; (6) the EGF induced uPA secretion and its membrane uptake through the increment of uPAR; and (7) these effects were blocked by EGFR/Her2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors with IC(50) lower than those needed to inhibit cell proliferation and required PI3K/Akt, MAPK and PI-PLC activities as verified by inhibition experiments. These enzymatic activities were regulated in different manners in PTEN positive and negative cells. In fact, the inhibition of PI3K blocked the EGF-induced invasiveness in PTEN positive cells but not in PTEN negative cells, in which PI3K activity was not influenced by EGFR/Her2 activation, whereas the inhibition of MAPK was able to block the invasive phenomena in both cell types. Taken together, our data suggest that the blockade of EGFR could attenuate the invasive potential of PCa cells. In addition, considering that the EGFR expression is related to higher Gleason grade of PCa and that EGFR levels are increased after anti androgenic therapy, this therapeutic approach could slow down the metastasis formation which represents the most dramatic event of PCa progression.
Targeting of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and HER2 is a proven anti-cancer strategy. However, heterodimerisation, compensatory 'crosstalk' and redundancy exist in the ErbB network, and there is therefore a sound scientific rationale for dual inhibition of EGFR and HER2. Trials of approved agents in combination, for example trastuzumab and cetuximab, are underway. There is also a new generation of small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) and monoclonal antibodies (mABs) that target two or more ErbB receptors. Lapatinib, a TKI of EGFR and HER2, has shown clinical benefit in trastuzumab refractory breast cancer and is poised for FDA approval. Other agents include BIBW-2992 and HKI-272, irreversible TKIs of EGFR and HER2, and pertuzumab, a heterodimerisation inhibitor of EGFR and HER2.
INTRODUCTION: The MonarchE trial explored the use of abemaciclib, a CDK4/6 inhibitor, as an adjuvant treatment in high-risk early-stage luminal-like breast cancer. The study's inclusion criteria, especially the N2 status, may require revisiting surgical interventions, including invasive axillary lymph node dissection (ALND)-a procedure that current guidelines generally do not recommend. METHODS: We conducted a single-centre, retrospective, observational cohort study on non-metastatic breast cancer patients managed from 2002 to 2011, at the Institut Curie. Data collection involved clinical and histological characteristics plus treatment follow-up. RESULTS: Out of 8715 treated patients, 721 met the inclusion criteria. Overall, 12% (87) were classified as N2 ( >/= 4 positive lymph nodes), thus eligible for abemaciclib per "node criterion." Tumour size, positive sentinel lymph nodes, and lobular histology showed a significant correlation with N2 status. Approximately 1000 ALNDs would be required to identify 120 N2 cases and prevent four recurrences. CONCLUSION: The MonarchE trial may significantly affect surgical practices due to the need for invasive procedures to identify high-risk patients for adjuvant abemaciclib treatment. The prospect of unnecessary morbidity demands less invasive N2 status determination methods. Surgical decisions must consider patient health and potential treatment benefits.
Carcinosarcomas (CS) in gynecology are very infrequent and represent only 2-5% of uterine cancers. Despite surgical cytoreduction and subsequent chemotherapy being the primary treatment for uterine CS, the overall five-year survival rate is 30 +/- 9% and recurrence is extremely common (50-80%). Due to the poor prognosis of CS, new strategies have been developed in the last few decades, targeting known dysfunctional molecular pathways for immunotherapy. In this paper, we aimed to gather the available evidence on the latest therapies for the treatment of CS. We performed a systematic review using the terms "uterine carcinosarcoma", "uterine Malignant Mixed Mullerian Tumors", "target therapies", "angiogenesis therapy", "cancer stem cell therapy", "prognostic biomarker", and "novel antibody-drug". Based on our results, the differential expression and accessibility of epithelial cell adhesion molecule-1 on metastatic/chemotherapy-resistant CS cells in comparison to normal tissues and Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) open up new possibilities in the field of target therapy. Nevertheless, future investigations are needed to clarify the impact of these new therapies on survival rate and medium-/long-term outcomes.
We performed in vitro and in vivo experiments of the anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) x anti-CD3 bispecific diabody (hEx3-Db) with the IgG-like bispecific antibodies (BsAbs) (hEx3-scFv-Fc and hEx3-scDb-Fc) and the anti-EGFR therapeutic antibody cetuximab to assess the effect of BsAbs on cancer growth inhibition. In vitro, efficacy of the BsAbs and cetuximab were compared by growth inhibition assays of human cell lines of bile duct (TFK-1, HuCC-T1, OCUCh-LM1), epidermoid (A431), gastric (Kato-III), colon (DLD-1, SW480), and breast (SK-BR-3, MCF-7) cancer. In vivo, in three mouse models, we evaluated the anti-tumor activity of hEx3-Db and cetuximab, assessed the effect of hEx3-Db alone, and compared the antitumor activity of hEx3-Db with the IgG-like BsAbs. In vitro, hEx3-scFv-Fc showed nearly 100% killing activity for all cell lines. Both in vitro and in vivo, hEx3-Db needed CD3-positive phenotypes to induce a growth inhibitory effect. In contrast, IgG-like BsAbs showed monotherapeutic effects in vivo by inducing antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC) similar to cetuximab. However, enhancement was not observed when lymphokine-activated killer cells with the T-cell phenotype were co-injected. Results suggest that IgG-like BsAbs could not efficiently direct T lymphocytes toward tumor cells to induce ADCC due to steric hindrance on binding to CD3- and Fc-receptor-positive phenotypes. Although hEx3-scFv-Fc showed high cytotoxicity in vitro, its high molecular weight limits its usefulness. With an in vivo effect comparable to hEx3-scFv-Fc and its realistic molecular weight, hEx3-scDb-Fc shows promise as a novel recombinant therapeutic antibody and may be modified to enhance its potency by prevention of steric hindrance.
PURPOSE: The goal of fluorescence-guided surgery (FGS) in oncology is to improve the surgical therapeutic index by enhancing contrast between cancerous and healthy tissues. However, optimal discrimination between these tissues is complicated by the nonspecific uptake and retention of molecular targeted agents and the variance of fluorescence signal. Paired-agent imaging (PAI) employs co-administration of an untargeted imaging agent with a molecular targeted agent, providing a normalization factor to minimize nonspecific and varied signals. The resulting measured binding potential is quantitative and equivalent to in vivo immunohistochemistry of the target protein. This study demonstrates that PAI improves the accuracy of tumor-to-healthy tissue discrimination compared to single-agent imaging for in vivo FGS. PROCEDURES: PAI using a fluorescent anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) affibody molecule (ABY-029, eIND 122,681) with untargeted IRDye 700DX carboxylate was compared to ABY-029 alone in an oral squamous cell carcinoma xenograft mouse model at 3 h after dye administration (n = 30). RESULTS: PAI significantly enhanced tumor discrimination, as compared to ABY-029 alone in low EGFR-expressing tumors and highly heterogeneous populations including multiple cell lines with varying expression (diagnostic accuracy: 0.908 vs. 0.854 and 0.908 vs. 0.822; and ROC curve AUC: 0.963 vs. 0.909 and 0.957 vs. 0.909, respectively) indicating a potential for universal FGS image thresholds to determine surgical margins. In addition, PAI achieved significantly higher diagnostic ability than ABY-029 alone 0.25-5-h post injection and exhibited a stronger correlation to EGFR expression heterogeneity. CONCLUSION: The quantitative receptor delineation of PAI promises to improve the surgical therapeutic index of cancer resection in a clinically relevant timeline.
We report a novel method to inhibit epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling using custom morpholino antisense oligonucleotides (ASOs) to drive expression of dominant negative mRNA isoforms of EGFR by ASO-induced exon skipping within the transmembrane (16) or tyrosine kinase domains (18 and 21). In vivo ASO formulations induced >95% exon skipping in several models of nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and were comparable in efficacy to erlotinib in reducing colony formation, cell viability, and migration in EGFR mutant NSCLC (PC9). However, unlike erlotinib, ASOs maintained their efficacy in both erlotinib-resistant subclones (PC9-GR) and wild-type overexpressing EGFR models (H292), in which erlotinib had no significant effect. The most dramatic ASO-induced phenotype resulted from targeting the EGFR kinase domain directly, which resulted in maximal inhibition of phosphorylation of EGFR, Akt, and Erk in both PC9 and PC9GR cells. Phosphoproteomic mass spectrometry confirmed highly congruent impacts of exon 16-, 18-, and 21-directed ASOs compared with erlotinib on PC9 genome-wide cell signaling. Furthermore, EGFR-directed ASOs had no impact in EGFR-independent NSCLC models, confirming an EGFR-specific therapeutic mechanism. Further exploration of synergy of ASOs with existing tyrosine kinase inhibitors may offer novel clinical models to improve EGFR-targeted therapies for both mutant and wild-type NSCLC patients.
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths among men and women worldwide. Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are effective therapies for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients harbouring EGFR-activating mutations, but are not curative due to the inevitable emergence of resistances. Recent in vitro studies suggest that resistance to EGFR-TKI may arise from a small population of drug-tolerant persister cells (DTP) through non-genetic reprogramming, by entering a reversible slow-to-non-proliferative state, before developing genetically derived resistances. Deciphering the molecular mechanisms governing the dynamics of the drug-tolerant state is therefore a priority to provide sustainable therapeutic solutions for patients. An increasing number of molecular mechanisms underlying DTP survival are being described, such as chromatin and epigenetic remodelling, the reactivation of anti-apoptotic/survival pathways, metabolic reprogramming, and interactions with their micro-environment. Here, we review and discuss the existing proposed mechanisms involved in the DTP state. We describe their biological features, molecular mechanisms of tolerance, and the therapeutic strategies that are tested to target the DTP.
Objective: We aim at investigating the molecular mechanisms through which the Qingfei Jiedu decoction (QFJDD) regulates PD-L1 expression in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD). Methods: Bioactive compounds and targets of QFJDD were screened from TCMSP, BATMAN-TCM, and literature. Then, GeneCard, OMIM, PharmGKB, Therapeutic Target, and DrugBank databases were used to identify LUAD-related genes. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed using overlapping targets of bioactive compounds in LUAD with the Cytoscape software and STRING database. The potential functions and pathways in which the hub genes were enriched by GO, KEGG, and DAVID pathway analyses. Molecular docking of bioactive compounds and key genes was executed via AutoDock Vina. Qualitative and quantitative analyses of QFJDD were performed using UPLC-Q-TOF-MS and UPLC. Expressions of key genes were determined by qRT-PCR, immunoreactivity score (IRS) of PD-L1 was assessed by immunohistochemistry (IHC), while the CD8(+)PD-1(+)T% derived from spleen tissues of Lewis lung cancer (LLC) bearing-mice was calculated using flow cytometry (FCM). Results: A total of 53 bioactive compounds and 288 targets of QFJDD as well as 8151 LUAD associated genes were obtained. Further, six bioactive compounds, including quercetin, luteolin, kaempferol, wogonin, baicalein, and acacetin, and 22 hub genes were identified. The GO analysis showed that the hub genes were mainly enriched in DNA or RNA transcription. KEGG and DAVID pathway analyses revealed that 20 hub genes were primarily enriched in virus, cancer, immune, endocrine, and cardiovascular pathways. The EGFR, JUN, RELA, HIF1A, NFKBIA, AKT1, MAPK1, and MAPK14 hub genes were identified as key genes in PD-L1 expression and PD-1 checkpoint pathway. Moreover, ideal affinity and regions were identified between core compounds and key genes. Notably, QFJDD downregulated EGFR, JUN, RELA, HIF1A, NFKBIA, and CD274 expressions (p < 0.05), while it upregulated AKT1 and MAPK1 (p < 0.05) levels in A549 cells. The PD-L1 IRS of LLC tissue in the QFJDD high dose (H(d)) group was lower than model group (p < 0.01). CD8(+)PD-1(+)T% was higher in the QFJDD H(d) group than in normal and model groups (p < 0.05). Conclusion: QFJDD downregulates PD-L1 expression and increases CD8(+)PD-1(+)T% via regulating HIF-1, EGFR, JUN and NFkappaB signaling pathways. Therefore, QFJDD is a potential treatment option for LUAD.
Trastuzumab-emtansine (T-DM1) is an antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) approved for the treatment of HER2 (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2)-positive breast cancer. T-DM1 consists of trastuzumab covalently linked to the cytotoxic maytansinoid DM1 via a non-cleavable linker. Despite its efficacy, primary or acquired resistance frequently develops, particularly in advanced stages of the disease. Second generation ADCs targeting HER2 are meant to supersede T-DM1 by using a cleavable linker and a more potent payload with a different mechanism of action. To determine the effect of one of these novel ADCs, SYD985, on tumors resistant to T-DM1, we developed several patient-derived models of resistance to T-DM1. Characterization of these models showed that previously described mechanisms-HER2 downmodulation, impairment of lysosomal function and upregulation of drug efflux pumps-account for the resistances observed, arguing that mechanisms of resistance to T-DM1 are limited, and most of them have already been described. Importantly, SYD985 was effective in these models, showing that the resistance to first generation ADCs can be overcome with an improved design.
BACKGROUND: As the first-line treatment, afatinib is commonly used in patients with EGFR-mutated non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, dose adjustments are frequently required. The optimal dose of afatinib for brain metastasis has seldom been investigated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: From May 2014 to March 2017, treatment-naive patients with advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC and brain metastases at diagnosis who received afatinib therapy were retrospectively enrolled. Clinical data was reviewed and analyzed, including age, gender, performance status, smoking history, EGFR mutation status, initial doses of afatinib, average daily doses of afatinib, and best intracranial treatment responses. RESULTS: A total of 74 patients were included for analysis. The overall intracranial objective response rate (IORR) and intracranial disease control rate (IDCR) were 81.1% and 95.9%, respectively. For patients treated with afatinib alone (N = 45), no significant difference between an initial daily dose of 30 mg (N = 15) and 40 mg (N = 30) (30 mg vs. 40 mg, IORR: 86.7% vs. 80.0%; P = .581 and IDCR: 93.3% vs. 93.3%; P = 1.000, respectively). The IORRs were 75.0%, 91.7%, 80.0%, and 85.7% (P = .707), and the IDCRs were 93.8%, 100.0%, 90.0%, and 85.7% (P = .638) in patients with an average daily dose of 40 mg (N = 16), < 40 mg and > 30 mg (N = 12), 30 mg (N = 10), and < 30 mg and > 20 mg (N = 7), respectively. No significant differences in intracranial treatment responses between groups treated with afatinib alone or afatinib plus local treatments. CONCLUSION: Dose reduction may not affect intracranial treatment responses to afatinib therapy, either alone or combined with local treatments, in patients with advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC and brain metastases.
There is a close relationship between low expression of BIM and resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI). Vorinostat is a pan-histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDACi) that augments BIM expression in various types of tumor cells, however, this effect is attenuated by the high expression of anti-apoptotic proteins in EGFR-TKI resistant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. Vorinostat in combination with metformin - a compound that can inhibit anti-apoptotic proteins expression, might cooperate to activate apoptotic signaling and overcome EGFR-TKI resistance. This study aimed to investigate the cooperative effect and evaluate possible molecular mechanisms. The results showed that vorinostat combined with gefitinib augmented BIM expression and increased the sensitivity of EGFR-TKI resistant NSCLC cells to gefitinib, adding metformin simultaneously could obviously inhibit the expression of anti-apoptotic proteins, and further increased expression levels of BIM and BAX, and as a result, further improved the sensitivity of gefitinib both on the NSCLC cells with intrinsic and acquired resistance to EGFR-TKI. In addition, autophagy induced by gefitinib and vorinostat could be significantly suppressed by metformin, which might also contribute to enhance apoptosis and improve sensitivity of gefitinib. These results suggested that the combination of vorinostat and metformin might represent a novel strategy to overcome EGFR-TKI resistance associated with BIM-dependent apoptosis in larger heterogeneous populations.
PURPOSE: To investigate the treatment patterns and survival outcomes in patients with unresectable Stage III EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted on patients with unresectable Stage III EGFR-mutated NSCLC spanning from 2012 to 2022. Treatment patterns were outlined, and survival comparisons between different treatment groups were performed using Kaplan-Meier methods. RESULTS: A total of 88 patients were included: 62.5% received TKI alone, 26.1% received TKI+chemotherapy, 4.5% received radiotherapy, 4.5% participated in clinical trials, and 2.4% received TKI+antiangiogenic drugs. Prior to propensity score matching, TKI+chemotherapy and TKI alone groups demonstrated similar progression-free survival (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.56, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.87-2.80; P = 0.134), overall survival (HR = 1.12, 95% CI: 0.59-2.13; P = 0.733), and locoregional-free survival (HR = 1.46; 95% CI: 0.75-2.81; P = 0.267). However, TKI+chemotherapy showed reduced distant metastasis-free survival compared to TKI alone (HR = 2.39, 95% CI: 1.11-5.18; P = 0.022). After propensity score matching, no significant differences were observed in progression-free survival (P = 0.435), overall survival (P = 0.205), locoregional-free survival (P = 0.706), and distant metastasis-free survival (P = 0.171) between the TKI+chemotherapy and TKI alone groups. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of chemotherapy to TKI did not enhance survival outcomes compared to TKI monotherapy in patients with unresectable Stage III EGFR-mutated NSCLC.
IMPORTANCE: Erb-b2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2 (ERBB2; formerly HER2 [human epidermal growth factor receptor 2]) is an important prognostic and predictive factor in breast cancer. Anti-ERBB2 therapies have improved outcomes in ERBB2-positive breast cancer. However, based on current definitions, tumors with low ERBB2 expression are included in the ERBB2-negative subtype, and therefore, are ineligible for anti-ERBB2 therapies; patients with ERBB2-low (immunohistochemistry [IHC] 1 positive [+] or IHC 2+/in situ hybridization [ISH] negative [-]) tumors account for up to approximately 50% of breast cancer cases. Although the prognostic role of ERBB2-low needs to be defined, ERBB2 offers a potential therapeutic target in these patients. OBSERVATIONS: Most breast cancer tumors have some ERBB2 expression, with ERBB2-low being more common in hormone receptor-positive than in hormone receptor-negative breast cancer. Although an early clinical study failed to demonstrate benefit of adjuvant trastuzumab for ERBB2-low disease, several novel anti-ERBB2 therapies have shown efficacy in ERBB2-low breast cancer, including the antibody-drug conjugate trastuzumab deruxtecan in a phase 3 trial, and trastuzumab duocarmazine and the bispecific antibody zenocutuzumab in early-phase studies. Although reports are conflicting, some differences in biology and patient outcomes have been found between ERBB2-low and ERBB2 IHC-0 breast cancer. Currently, no established guidelines exist for scoring ERBB2-low expression in breast cancer because the focus has been on binary classification as ERBB2-positive or ERBB2-negative. Additional interpretive cutoffs may be needed to select patients for treatment with effective agents in ERBB2-low breast cancer, along with standardized laboratory quality assurance programs to ensure consistent patient identification for eligibility for ERBB2-low targeting agents. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This review suggests that ERBB2-low may be a distinct, clinically relevant breast cancer entity warranting reassessment of traditional diagnostic and therapeutic paradigms. Ongoing clinical trials and further investigations may provide optimized strategies for diagnosing and treating ERBB2-low breast cancer, including reproducible, consistent definitions to identify patients in this diagnostic category and demonstration of benefits of emerging therapies.
AIM: Trastuzumab is available in an intravenous (iv.) and a subcutaneous (sc.) formulation. The objective of this study was to estimate the costs of administration of iv. and sc. trastuzumab treatment. MATERIALS & METHODS: Via interviews, we identified all the activities associated with iv. and sc. administration. The outcome was time estimates. To estimate the administration costs, the time estimates were valued by average gross wages. RESULTS: The iv. administration takes longer time as infusion time is longer (25 or 85 min). The iv. administration is associated with higher cost for 17 cycles; euro971 (euro1858 vs euro887). CONCLUSION: sc. administration is associated with lower administration costs. Switching patients from iv. to sc. would make it possible to treat more patients without increasing the personnel resources.
The proliferation of colon cancer cells is mediated in part by epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling and requires sustained levels of cellular energy to meet its high metabolic needs. Intracellular lipid droplets (LDs) are a source of energy used for various cellular functions and they are elevated in density in human cancer, yet their regulation and function are not well understood. Here, in human colon cancer cells, EGF stimulates increases in LD density, which depends on EGFR expression and activation as well as the individual cellular capacity for lipid synthesis. Increases in LDs are blockaded by inhibition of PI3K/mTOR and PGE2 synthesis, supporting their dependency on select upstream pathways. In colon cancer cells, silencing of the FOXO3 transcription factor leads to down regulation of SIRT6, a negative regulator of lipid synthesis, and consequent increases in the LD coat protein PLIN2, revealing that increases in LDs depend on loss of FOXO3/SIRT6. Moreover, EGF stimulates loss of FOXO3/SIRT6, which is blockaded by the inhibition of upstream pathways as well as lipid synthesis, revealing existence of a negative regulatory loop between LDs and FOXO3/SIRT6. Elevated LDs are utilized by EGF treatment and their depletion through the inhibition of lipid synthesis or silencing of PLIN2 significantly attenuates proliferation. This novel mechanism of proliferative EGFR signaling leading to elevated LD density in colon cancer cells could potentially be therapeutically targeted for the treatment of tumor progression.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this randomized phase II trial was to evaluate the feasibility and activity of weekly gemcitabine (G) followed by erlotinib at disease progression (arm A) versus erlotinib followed by G at progression (arm B) in vulnerable elderly patients with advanced non small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), selected on the basis of a comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA). METHODS: Vulnerable elderly chemotherapy-naive patients with stage IIIB/IV NSCLC were selected after a CGA (socioeconomic, cognitive and emotional status, depression, nutritional status, ADL and IADL assessments). The primary endpoint was the time to second progression (TTP2). Overall survival (OS), time to first progression (TTP1) and safety were secondary endpoints. RESULTS: Between May 2006 and January 2010, 21 centers enrolled 100 patients, of whom 94 were eligible. TTP2 was 4.3 and 3.5 months in arm A and arm B, respectively; TTP1 was 2.5 and 2.2 months; and the median OS time was 4.4 and 3.9 months. The respective one-year survival rates were 27.3% and 20%. There was no major unexpected toxicity. CONCLUSION: In vulnerable elderly patients with NSCLC not selected for EGFR expression, both strategies were feasible but had modest efficacy. Further studies are needed to identify elderly patients who should receive palliative care only.
Kidneys are functionally affected by the diseases of other organs. Here, we present an elderly predialysis patient with a functioning kidney for 10 years of nephrological follow-up despite many comorbidities. A 75-year-old male patient with a medical history of hypertension for 15 years and 60 pack years of cigarette smoking, was diagnosed as muscle invasive bladder cancer (MIBC) and synchronous centrally located clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) in the left kidney. At admission, the patient had an Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) (CKD-EPI-cre) of 54mL/min/1.73m(2), after left nephrectomy eGFR of the patient decreased to 35 mL/min/1.73m(2). After ten years of follow-up, the patient's right kidney had been functional with a eGFR of 24 mL/min/1.73m(2) despite radical cystectomy with urinary diversion, radical nephrectomy, heavy smoking, [cardiorenal syndrome, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and hypertension. It is well known that comorbidities such as hypertension, smoking, cancers, infections, pulmonary and heart diseases contribute to irreversible kidney damage and are additive to decreasing kidney function. Appropriate and early diagnosis and treatment of these comorbidities permit healthy aging of the kidneys without the need for dialysis.
The molecular chaperone Hsp90 has emerged as an attractive cancer therapeutic target due to its role in cellular homeostasis by modulating the stabilization and maturation of many oncogenic proteins. In this study, we designed and synthesized a series of Hsp90 inhibitors that hybridized NVP-AUY992 (2) and PU3 (3) in the chalcone scaffold using a structure-based approach. Our results indicate that compound 1g inhibited the proliferation of gefitinib-resistant non-small cell lung cancer (H1975) cells, downregulated the expression of client proteins of Hsp90 including EGFR, MET, Her2 and Akt, and up-regulated the expression of Hsp70. The compound 1g represents a new class of Hsp90 inhibitors with a chalcone structure. The design, synthesis, and evaluation of 1g are described herein.
BACKGROUND: The cobas((R)) epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) Mutation Test v2 designed for cell-free DNA (cfDNA) is approved as a companion diagnostic for osimertinib therapy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the concordance of EGFR mutation detection between paired primary or recurrent samples, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cytology samples of lung cancer patients. METHODS: In total, 26 lung cancer patients with supernatant cytology cfDNA in CSF were analysed for EGFR mutations using the cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test v2.0 designed for cfDNA, and the concordance rates between CSF cfDNA and primary or recurrent samples were investigated. RESULTS: Of the 26 CSF cytology cfDNA samples, 46.1% (12/26) were valid and 53.9% (14/26) were invalid. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy between the valid CSF cfDNA samples and primary or recurrent samples for detection of EGFR mutation, including T790M were 87.5%, 100.0% and 91.7%, respectively. Amounts of both inflammatory cells and tumour cells in CSF cytology were higher in the valid evaluation samples than in the invalid samples (P < .05), and mutant EGFR was detected in 80.0% (4/5) of the valid CSF cytology cfDNA samples with a negative cytology diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: The cobas((R)) EGFR Mutation Test v2.0 can accurately detect EGFR mutations, including T790M, from supernatant cfDNA of CSF cytology samples. Utilisation of supernatant cytology cfDNA in CSF will allow us to perform both EGFR mutation analysis and cytopathological diagnosis at the same time. This represents a new role of cytology in patient treatment, based on assured sample quality.
BACKGROUND: Anlotinib, a small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), suppresses angiogenesis and tumor progression. As the mechanisms underlying the resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-TKIs are complex and diverse, further exploration of new treatment strategies is necessary. Combination therapy with EGFR-TKIs and anlotinib targets multiple signaling pathways, enhancing efficacy in patients with EGFR-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of anlotinib with EGFR-TKIs in patients with NSCLC who developed resistance to postoperative adjuvant therapy. METHODS: From January 2020 to December 2023, 48 patients at the Department of Thoracic Surgery, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University, who developed resistance to adjuvant therapy were included in this retrospective study. All patients received anlotinib (10-12 mg, po, d1-14, q3w) alongside their original EGFR-TKI regimen. The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS), while secondary endpoints included 6- and 12-month PFS rates, overall survival (OS), and safety. PFS was defined as the time from the initiation of anlotinib plus EGFR-TKI to disease progression or death, and OS was defined as the time from the start of anlotinib plus EGFR-TKI to death from any cause. RESULTS: Among the 48 patients, 23 previously received first- or second-generation EGFR-TKIs, and 25 received third-generation EGFR-TKIs. As of March 25, 2024, the median follow-up duration was 33.3 months [95% confidence interval (CI): 23.2-43.3]. The median PFS was 9.5 months (95% CI: 4.8-14.3), and 6- and 12-month PFS rates were 70.8% and 47.9%, respectively. For patients previously treated with first-/second- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs, the median PFS was 10.3 months (95% CI: 6.1-14.4) and 7.7 months (95% CI: 4.8-10.6), with a 6-month PFS rate of 69.6% and 72.0%, respectively, and a 12-month PFS rate of 47.8% and 48.0%, respectively. The median OS was 31.0 months [95% CI: not reached (NR)-NR], with 6-month and 12-month rates of 91.7% and 85.4%, respectively. For patients previously treated with first-/second- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs, the median OS was NR and 20.3 months (95% CI: 10.7-30.0), respectively; meanwhile, the OS rates were 95.7% and 88.0% at 6 months, and 91.3% and 80.0% at 12 months, respectively. The incidence rates of any grade and grade >/=3 treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were 75.0% (36/48) and 10.4% (5/48), respectively. The most common TRAEs included hypertension (17/48, 35.4%), proteinuria (15/48, 31.3%), rash (11/48, 22.9%), fatigue (5/48, 10.4%), and diarrhea (4/48, 8.3%), and no new safety events were observed. Dose reduction and discontinuation of anlotinib were reported in four (8.3%) and five (10.4%) patients previously treated with first-/second- and third-generation EGFR-TKIs, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with NSCLC who developed resistance to postoperative EGFR-TKIs demonstrated promising efficacy and manageable safety, extending the treatment window and survival opportunities.
INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer is a profoundly heterogeneous disease with respect to biologic and clinical behavior. Gene-expression profiling has been used to dissect this complexity and to stratify tumors into intrinsic gene-expression subtypes, associated with distinct biology, patient outcome, and genomic alterations. Additionally, breast tumors occurring in individuals with germline BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations typically fall into distinct subtypes. METHODS: We applied global DNA copy number and gene-expression profiling in 359 breast tumors. All tumors were classified according to intrinsic gene-expression subtypes and included cases from genetically predisposed women. The Genomic Identification of Significant Targets in Cancer (GISTIC) algorithm was used to identify significant DNA copy-number aberrations and genomic subgroups of breast cancer. RESULTS: We identified 31 genomic regions that were highly amplified in > 1% of the 359 breast tumors. Several amplicons were found to co-occur, the 8p12 and 11q13.3 regions being the most frequent combination besides amplicons on the same chromosomal arm. Unsupervised hierarchical clustering with 133 significant GISTIC regions revealed six genomic subtypes, termed 17q12, basal-complex, luminal-simple, luminal-complex, amplifier, and mixed subtypes. Four of them had striking similarity to intrinsic gene-expression subtypes and showed associations to conventional tumor biomarkers and clinical outcome. However, luminal A-classified tumors were distributed in two main genomic subtypes, luminal-simple and luminal-complex, the former group having a better prognosis, whereas the latter group included also luminal B and the majority of BRCA2-mutated tumors. The basal-complex subtype displayed extensive genomic homogeneity and harbored the majority of BRCA1-mutated tumors. The 17q12 subtype comprised mostly HER2-amplified and HER2-enriched subtype tumors and had the worst prognosis. The amplifier and mixed subtypes contained tumors from all gene-expression subtypes, the former being enriched for 8p12-amplified cases, whereas the mixed subtype included many tumors with predominantly DNA copy-number losses and poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: Global DNA copy-number analysis integrated with gene-expression data can be used to dissect the complexity of breast cancer. This revealed six genomic subtypes with different clinical behavior and a striking concordance to the intrinsic subtypes. These genomic subtypes may prove useful for understanding the mechanisms of tumor development and for prognostic and treatment prediction purposes.
We examined the effects of an inhibitor of PI3K, XL147, against human breast cancer cell lines with constitutive PI3K activation. Treatment with XL147 resulted in dose-dependent inhibition of cell growth and levels of pAKT and pS6, signal transducers in the PI3K/AKT/TOR pathway. In HER2-overexpressing cells, inhibition of PI3K was followed by up-regulation of expression and phosphorylation of multiple receptor tyrosine kinases, including HER3. Knockdown of FoxO1 and FoxO3a transcription factors suppressed the induction of HER3, InsR, IGF1R, and FGFR2 mRNAs upon inhibition of PI3K. In HER2(+) cells, knockdown of HER3 with siRNA or cotreatment with the HER2 inhibitors trastuzumab or lapatinib enhanced XL147-induced cell death and inhibition of pAKT and pS6. Trastuzumab and lapatinib each synergized with XL147 for inhibition of pAKT and growth of established BT474 xenografts. These data suggest that PI3K antagonists will inhibit AKT and relieve suppression of receptor tyrosine kinase expression and their activity. Relief of this feedback limits the sustained inhibition of the PI3K/AKT pathway and attenuates the response to these agents. As a result, PI3K pathway inhibitors may have limited clinical activity overall if used as single agents. In patients with HER2-overexpressing breast cancer, PI3K inhibitors should be used in combination with HER2/HER3 antagonists.
Despite recent advances, improvements to long-term survival in metastatic carcinomas, such as pancreatic or ovarian cancer, remain limited. Current therapies suppress growth-promoting biochemical signals, ablate cells expressing tumor-associated antigens, or promote adaptive immunity to tumor neoantigens. However, these approaches are limited by toxicity to normal cells using the same signaling pathways or expressing the same antigens, or by the low frequency of neoantigens in most carcinomas. Here, we report a fundamentally different strategy for designing safer and more effective anti-cancer therapies through the sensing of cancer-driving biochemical signals and their rewiring to virotherapeutic activation. Specifically, we rationally engineer a RNA vector to self-replicate and cause cytotoxicity in cancer cells exhibiting hyperactive HER2 (ErbB2), but not in normal cells with normal HER2 signaling. Compared to a widely tested virotherapeutic from the same vector family, our hyperactive ErbB2-restricted RNA vector (HERV) exhibits lower toxicity and greater activity against metastatic HER2-positive ovarian cancer in mice, extending survival independently of tumor antigenicity. Most importantly, HERV synergizes with standard-of-care chemotherapy against ovarian cancer metastases in vivo, with 43% of combination-treated subjects surviving for months beyond subjects treated with either therapy alone. Taken together, these results introduce rewiring of cancer-driving signaling pathways to virotherapeutic activation as a strategy for more specific and effective cancer treatment.
Recent initiatives by the research community to characterize the genomic and molecular landscapes of tumors in ancestrally diverse and admixed populations, including the publication by Ding and colleagues in this issue of Cancer Research, represent important efforts to improve our understanding of the entire spectrum of cancer genomic variation with potential clinical consequences. Ding and colleagues confirmed a similar prevalence of mutations in established breast cancer driver genes including PIK3CA, TP53, GATA3, MAP3K1, CDH1, CBFB, PTEN, and RUNX1 and recurrent amplifications in breast cancer drivers including MYC, FGFR1, CCND1, and ERBB2 in tumors from Hispanic/Latina women as compared with non-Hispanic White women. Importantly, they also identified Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer (COSMIC) signature 16 in a significant fraction of tumors from Hispanic/Latina women and a novel recurrent amplification on 17q11.2. This study highlights the potential for inclusion of participants from diverse populations to accelerate discoveries and advance equity in genomic medicine, as well as the need for even larger collaborative initiatives. See related article by Ding et al., p. 2600.
We use an integrated approach to understand breast cancer heterogeneity by modeling mRNA, copy number alterations, microRNAs, and methylation in a pathway context utilizing the pathway recognition algorithm using data integration on genomic models (PARADIGM). We demonstrate that combining mRNA expression and DNA copy number classified the patients in groups that provide the best predictive value with respect to prognosis and identified key molecular and stromal signatures. A chronic inflammatory signature, which promotes the development and/or progression of various epithelial tumors, is uniformly present in all breast cancers. We further demonstrate that within the adaptive immune lineage, the strongest predictor of good outcome is the acquisition of a gene signature that favors a high T-helper 1 (Th1)/cytotoxic T-lymphocyte response at the expense of Th2-driven humoral immunity. Patients who have breast cancer with a basal HER2-negative molecular profile (PDGM2) are characterized by high expression of protumorigenic Th2/humoral-related genes (24-38%) and a low Th1/Th2 ratio. The luminal molecular subtypes are again differentiated by low or high FOXM1 and ERBB4 signaling. We show that the interleukin signaling profiles observed in invasive cancers are absent or weakly expressed in healthy tissue but already prominent in ductal carcinoma in situ, together with ECM and cell-cell adhesion regulating pathways. The most prominent difference between low and high mammographic density in healthy breast tissue by PARADIGM was that of STAT4 signaling. In conclusion, by means of a pathway-based modeling methodology (PARADIGM) integrating different layers of molecular data from whole-tumor samples, we demonstrate that we can stratify immune signatures that predict patient survival.
Clinical trials indicated that PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors significantly improve the survival rate of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and induce immune-related adverse events (irAEs). Thus, the molecular and immune characteristics during PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor therapy are worth investigating further. We report the case of a 62-year-old male patient diagnosed with stage IIIA squamous cell lung carcinoma (SQCC) who responded to neoadjuvant and adjuvant nivolumab combined chemotherapy but died from anastomosis leakage or/and irAEs. In the pretreatment tumor biopsy, PD-L1 expression was negative and a few T cells, NK cells, and macrophages had infiltrated the tumor. Wild-type EGFR/STK11, mutant TP53, microsatellite stability, and low tumor mutational burden were also found at baseline. After neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy, the tumor was significantly reduced, PD-L1 expression levels were increased by 50%, and more CD8(+) and CD8(+) PD-1(+) T cells had infiltrated the resected tumor tissue. Immune-related lung injury occurred during adjuvant immunochemotherapy, and serum levels of C-reactive protein, IL-13, IL-4, eotaxin, VEGF-A, IL-8, and IFN-gamma were increased. This case demonstrates a squamous cell lung carcinoma patient who responded to neoadjuvant immunochemotherapy that reshaped the tumor immune environment from "cold" to "hot." Unfortunately, the patient eventually died from anastomosis leakage or/and irAEs during adjuvant immunochemotherapy.
Considering the high cost associated with determining reaction affinities through in vitro experiments, virtual screening of potential drugs bound to specific protein pockets from vast compounds is critical in AI-assisted drug discovery. Deep-learning approaches have been proposed for predicting Drug-Target Interactions (DTIs). However, they have shown an overestimated accuracy due to the drug-bias trap, a challenge where traditional multimodal models overly rely on the drug branch while underutilizing protein information. This raises doubts about the interpretability and generalizability of existing DTI models. Therefore, we introduce UdanDTI, an innovative deep-learning architecture explicitly designed for predicting drug-protein interactions. UdanDTI applies an unbalanced dual-branch system and an attentive aggregation module to enhance interpretability from a biological perspective. Across various public datasets, UdanDTI demonstrates outstanding performance, outperforming state-of-the-art models under in-domain, cross-domain, and structural interpretability settings. Notably, it demonstrates exceptional accuracy in predicting drug responses of two crucial subgroups of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) mutations associated with non-small cell lung cancer, consistent with experimental results. Meanwhile, UdanDTI could complement the advanced molecular docking software DiffDock.
PURPOSE: Many patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) seek help from Chinese herbal medicine (CHM). The purpose of this study was to investigate the survival between CHM and chemotherapy (CT) treatment of patients aged >/=60 years with advanced Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) wild type NSCLC and Karnofsky Performance Status (KPS) >/= 60. METHODS: We extracted individual data of all eligible patients from 1 randomized control trial and 2 cohort studies and performed a pooled analysis. Survival outcomes of patients were compared between CHM group and CT group using Cox regression model stratified for study. RESULTS: A total of 486 patients were included in the study, including 262 patients in the CHM group and 224 patients in the CT group. The median overall survival time was 10.9 (95% confidence intervals [CI]: 8.9-13.0) months in CHM group and 9.8 (95% CI: 8.1-11.5) days in CT group (p=0.592). The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CHM compared to CT are 0.98 (0.87, 1.10, p=0.751) in the stratified Cox regression model. Stratified analysis showed a trend that previously treated elderly patients with EGFR wild type advanced NSCLC probably gain greater survival benefit from CHM (adjusted HR:0.83, 95% CI: 0.68-1.01, p=0.063). CONCLUSIONS: There might be no significant difference in survival for elderly patients with advanced EGFR wild type NSCLC between the CHM and CT groups in the current study. And previously treated elderly patients with advanced NSCLC probably receive greater benefit from CHM. However, limited by the design and unpreplanned study hypothesis, the results must be confirmed by randomized control trial before making a conclusion.
Black cohosh is an herbal extract that is often used as an alternative to estrogen-based replacement therapies to treat hot flushes that frequently accompany the transition to menopause. Although cancer-free women as well as breast cancer patients and survivors use black cohosh to relieve vasomotor symptoms, there is limited information on its potential to influence breast cancer development or progression. Therefore, in this study, the effects of black cohosh on mammary tumorigenesis were investigated in the MMTV-neu mouse model due to its similarities to HER2(+) breast cancer, including stochastic development of mammary tumors, which frequently progress to metastatic disease. Using an adjusted dose for the mice to correlate to the recommended dose in women (40 mg/d), no differences were detected in the incidence or onset of mammary tumors in black cohosh-treated versus control females. The lack of effect on mammary tumor development suggests that black cohosh would not influence breast cancer risk if given to women before tumor formation. In contrast, black cohosh significantly increased the incidence of lung metastases in tumor-bearing animals compared with mice fed the isoflavone-free control diet. Additional studies will be needed to correlate these findings to women taking different black cohosh products at various times during breast cancer development; however, these results suggest caution for women using black cohosh, especially for extended periods of time. As metastatic progression is linked to patient survival, these data stress the importance of investigating how women's therapies influence all stages of mammary tumorigenesis, particularly for assessing their safety.
Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) signaling pathway activation has been identified as a contributor to de novo or acquired resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in a small subset of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Dual anti-HER2-targeted treatment exhibits strong antitumor activity in preclinical models of HER2-positive mCRC, supporting its testing in clinical trials. The HERACLES trial at four Italian academic cancer centers has confirmed the effectiveness of dual blockage of HER2 with trastuzumab plus lapatinib in patients with heavily pretreated HER2-positive mCRC, refractory to the anti-EGFR antibodies cetuximab or panitumumab. Here, we reviewed the preclinical studies exploring the role of HER2 signaling in the development of anti-EGFR therapy resistance and discussed the status of clinical trials assessing the activity of HER2 inhibitors in this setting.
AIMS: Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is suggested as one of the positive regulators in the invasive progression of renal cell cancer (RCC). Recently, Id-1 (inhibitor of differentiation or DNA binding), a helix-loop-helix transcription factor, has been identified as one of the key factors in the EGFR signalling pathway. The aim of this study was to investigate the significance of Id-1 expression in renal cell cancer and to study its relationship with EGFR. METHODS AND RESULTS: Id-1 and EGFR expression was examined in tissue microarray (TMA) samples of 107 RCC and 32 normal kidney specimens by immunohistochemistry. Relative Id-1 and EGFR protein expression was quantified by estimating the staining intensity on a four-grade scale. We found that while negative to weak expression of Id-1 and EGFR was observed in non-malignant kidney tissues, most RCCs showed significant positive Id-1 and EGFR expression in tumour cells. In addition, Id-1 immunostaining intensity was positively associated with increased tumour staging, grading and EGFR expression. CONCLUSION: Overexpression of Id-1 is a novel marker for advanced RCC which is positively correlated with EGFR expression. Our results suggest that Id-1 may play an important role in the development of RCC and indicate that Id-1 is a potential marker of patients with a poor prognosis.
The immune checkpoint molecules such as PD-L1 and PD-L2 have a substantial contribution to cancer immunotherapy including breast cancer. Microarray expression profiling identified several molecular subtypes, namely luminal-type (with a good-prognosis), HER2-type (with an intermediate-prognosis), and triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC)-type (with a poor-prognosis). We found that PD-L1 and PD-L2 mRNA expressions were highly expressed in TNBC-type cell lines (HCC1937, MDA-MB-231), moderately expressed in HER2-type cell line (SK-BR-3), and poorly expressed in luminal-type cell lines (MDA-MB-361, MCF7). The PD-L1 and PD-L2 expression in SK-BR-3 cells, but not those in HCC1937 and MDA-MB-231 cells, decreased by nicotine stimulation in a dose-dependent manner. In addition, nicotine treatment decreased the phosphorylation of Akt in SK-BR-3 cells, but not in other cell lines. These results show that nicotine regulates the expression of immune checkpoint molecules, PD-L1 and PD-L2, via inhibition of Akt phosphorylation. This findings may provide the new therapeutic strategies for the treatment of breast cancer.
Emergence of drug resistance is the main cause of therapeutic failure in patients with high-grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSOC)(1). To study drug resistance in patients, we developed CloneSeq-SV, which combines single-cell whole-genome sequencing(2) with targeted deep sequencing of clone-specific genomic structural variants in time-series cell-free DNA. CloneSeq-SV exploits tumour clone-specific structural variants as highly sensitive endogenous cell-free DNA markers, enabling the relative abundance measurements and evolutionary analysis of co-existing clonal populations over the therapeutic time course. Here, using this approach, we studied 18 patients with HGSOC over a multi-year period from diagnosis to recurrence and showed that drug resistance typically arose from selective expansion of a single or small subset of clones present at diagnosis. Drug-resistant clones frequently showed interpretable and distinctive genomic features, including chromothripsis, whole-genome doubling, and high-level amplifications of oncogenes such as CCNE1, RAB25, MYC and NOTCH3. Phenotypic analysis of matched single-cell RNA sequencing data(3) indicated pre-existing and clone-specific transcriptional states such as upregulation of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and VEGF pathways, linked to drug resistance. In one notable case, clone-specific ERBB2 amplification affected the efficacy of a secondary targeted therapy with a positive patient outcome. Together, our findings indicate that drug-resistant states in HGSOC pre-exist at diagnosis, leading to positive selection and reduced clonal complexity at relapse. We suggest these findings motivate investigation of evolution-informed adaptive treatment regimens to ablate drug resistance in future HGSOC studies.
OBJECTIVE: TNM staging system is not a sufficiently accurate method for predicting the response of an individual patient to a course of radiotherapy. After irradiation, it can become very difficult to assess data obtained by imaging and endoscopy for the diagnosis of both minimal persistent disease and early recurrence. The search for biological parameters that could be used to identify patients who will respond to radiotherapy is crucial. At this study we aimed at evaluating the prognostic significance of immunohistochemical expression of Ki-67, p53 and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in laryngeal glottic cancer involving the anterior commissure and treated with radiotherapy. METHODS: From January 1995 to August 2005, 24 patients with glottic cancer involving the anterior commissure were primary treated with radiotherapy. Six patients presented with T1a, 12 patients with T1b and 6 patients with T2. Biopsies were taken before the radiotherapy treatment started. Radiotherapy was done with the same technique for all patients using a linear accelerator device with beam energy of 4-MV photons. Immunohistochemical staining was performed using avidine-biotin-peroxidase technique with antibodies to Ki-67, p53 and EGFR. RESULTS: p53 and EGFR positive expression values and labeling indices were greater in radioresistant than in radiosensitive tumors but without significant differences. On the other hand, Ki-67 was expressed in all radiosensitive tumors and Ki-67 labeling indices were significantly higher in radiosensitive tumors than radioresistant tumors (p=0.01). CONCLUSION: We identified overexpression of Ki-67 as predictive marker of radiosensitivity in glottic cancer involving the anterior commissure, with the results showing significant difference between radiosensitive and radioresistant tumors.
In the past decade, the characterization of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) into subtypes based on genotype and histology has resulted in dramatic improvements in disease outcome in select patient subgroups. In particular, molecularly targeted agents that inhibit EGFR or ALK are approved for the treatment of NSCLC harbouring genetic alterations in the genes encoding these proteins. Although acquired resistance usually limits the duration of response to these therapies, a number of new agents have proven effective at tackling specific resistance mechanisms to first-generation inhibitors. Large initiatives are starting to address the role of biomarker-driven targeted therapy in squamous lung cancers, and in the adjuvant setting. Immunotherapy undeniably holds great promise and our understanding of subsets of NSCLC based on patterns of immune response is continuing to evolve. In addition, efforts are underway to identify rare genomic subsets through genomic screening, functional studies, and molecular characterization of exceptional responders. This Review provides an overview of the key developments in the treatment of NSCLC, and discusses potential strategies to further optimize therapy by targeting disease subtypes.
BACKGROUND: Lapatinib plus capecitabine emerged as an efficacious therapy in metastatic breast cancer (mBC). We aimed to identify germline single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in genes involved in capecitabine catabolism and human epidermal receptor signaling that were associated with clinical outcome to assist in selecting patients likely to benefit from this combination. PATIENTS AND METHODS: DNA was extracted from 240 of 399 patients enrolled in EGF100151 clinical trial (NCT00078572; clinicaltrials.gov) and SNPs were successfully evaluated in 234 patients. The associations between SNPs and clinical outcome were analyzed using Fisher's exact test, Kaplan-Meier curves, log-rank tests, likelihood ratio test within logistic or Cox regression model, as appropriate. RESULTS: There were significant interactions between CCND1 A870G and clinical outcome. Patients carrying the A-allele were more likely to benefit from lapatinib plus capecitabine versus capecitabine when compared with patients harboring G/G (P = 0.022, 0.024 and 0.04, respectively). In patients with the A-allele, the response rate (RR) was significantly higher with lapatinib plus capecitabine (35%) compared with capecitabine (11%; P = 0.001) but not between treatments in patients with G/G (RR = 24% and 32%, respectively; P = 0.85). Time to tumor progression (TTP) was longer in patients with the A-allele treated with lapatinib plus capecitabine compared with capecitabine (median TTP = 7.9 and 3.4 months; P < 0.001), but not in patients with G/G (median TTP = 6.1 and 6.6 months; P = 0.92). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that CCND1A870G may be useful in predicting clinical outcome in HER2-positive mBC patients treated with lapatinib plus capecitabine.
Synergism in action of tucatinib and trastumab is reported in breast cancer management. However, its molecular basis is yet to be determined. In this context we attempted to provide an explanation at the molecular level by performing in silico experimentation and coupling its result with already available published observations. Our study will provide basis for planning further experimental study for unravelling the truth.
AIM: To investigate HER2 expression and its correlation with clinicopathological variables between proximal and distal gastric cancers (GC) in the Chinese population. METHODS: Immunostaining of HER2 was performed and scored on a scale of 0-3 in 957 consecutive GC cases, according to the revised scoring criteria of HercepTest(TM) as used in the ToGA trial. Correlations between HER2 expression and clinicopathologic variables of proximal (n = 513) and distal (n = 444) GC were investigated. RESULTS: Our results showed that HER2 expression was significantly higher in the proximal than in distal GC (P < 0.05). Overall, HER2 expression was significantly higher in male patients (P < 0.01), the Lauren intestinal type (P < 0.001), low-grade (P < 0.001) and pM1 (P < 0.01) diseases, respectively. There was a significant difference in HER2 expression among some pTNM stages (P < 0.05). In contrast, HER2 expression in the distal GC was significantly higher in male patients (P < 0.001), low-grade histology (P < 0.001), the Lauren intestinal type (P < 0.001), and pM1 (P < 0.001). In the proximal GC, however, higher HER2 expression scores were observed only in tumors with low-grade histology (P < 0.001) and the Lauren intestinal type (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: HER2 over-expression in GC of Chinese patients was significantly more common in proximal than in distal GC, and significantly correlated with the Lauren intestinal type and low-grade histology in both proximal and distal GC, and with pM1 disease and male gender in distal GC.
On April 17, 2020, the FDA approved tucatinib in combination with trastuzumab and capecitabine for the treatment of patients with advanced unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer, including patients with brain metastases, who have received one or more prior anti-HER2-based regimens in the metastatic setting. This was the first new molecular entity evaluated under Project Orbis, an FDA Oncology Center of Excellence initiative, which supports concurrent review of oncology drugs by multiple global health authorities. Approval was based on the HER2CLIMB trial, which randomized patients to receive tucatinib or placebo with trastuzumab and capecitabine. Tucatinib demonstrated efficacy compared with placebo in progression-free survival [PFS; HR: 0.54; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.42-0.71; P < 0.00001] and overall survival (OS; HR: 0.66; 95% CI, 0.50-0.87; P = 0.00480). Patients with either treated and stable or active brain metastases made up 48% of the study population. PFS in patients with brain metastases confirmed benefit (HR: 0.48; 95% CI, 0.34-0.69; P < 0.00001). The benefit in patients with brain metastases allowed for inclusion of this specific population in the indication. Important safety signals included diarrhea and hepatotoxicity which are listed under Warnings and Precautions. This article summarizes the FDA thought process and data supporting the favorable benefit-risk profile and approval of tucatinib.
The molecular receptor status of breast cancer has implications for prognosis and long-term metastasis. Although metastatic luminal B-like, hormone-receptor-positive, HER2-negative, breast cancer causes brain metastases less frequently than other subtypes, though tumor metastases in the brain are increasingly being detected of this patient group. Despite the many years of tried and tested use of a wide variety of anti-hormonal therapeutic agents, there is insufficient data on their intracerebral effectiveness and their ability to cross the blood-brain barrier. In this review, we therefore summarize the current state of knowledge on anti-hormonal therapy and its intracerebral impact and effects on the blood-brain barrier in breast cancer.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients suffer from a highly malignant and aggressive disease. They have a high rate of relapse and often develop resistance to standard chemotherapy. Many TNBCs have elevated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) but are resistant to EGFR inhibitors as monotherapy. In this study, we sought to find a combination therapy that could sensitize TNBC to EGFR inhibitors. Phospho-mass spectrometry was performed on the TNBC cell line, BT20, treated with 0.5 muM gefitinib. Immunoblotting measured protein levels and phosphorylation. Colony formation and growth assays analyzed the treatment on cell proliferation, while MTT assays determined the synergistic effect of inhibitor combination. A Dual-Luciferase reporter gene plasmid measured translation. All statistical analysis was done on CalucuSyn and GraphPad Prism using ANOVAs. Phospho-proteomics identified the mTOR pathway to be of interest in EGFR inhibitor resistance. In our studies, combining gefitinib and temsirolimus decreased cell growth and survival in a synergistic manner. Our data identified eIF4B, as a potentially key fragile point in EGFR and mTOR inhibitor synergy. Decreased eIF4B phosphorylation correlated with drops in growth, viability, clonogenic survival, and cap-dependent translation. Taken together, these data suggest EGFR and mTOR inhibitors abrogate growth, viability, and survival via disruption of eIF4B phosphorylation leading to decreased translation in TNBC cell lines. Further, including an mTOR inhibitor along with an EGFR inhibitor in TNBC with increased EGFR expression should be further explored. Additionally, translational regulation may play an important role in regulating EGFR and mTOR inhibitor synergy and warrant further investigation.
BACKGROUND: Target therapy is the first-line treatment in lung cancer. The testing of driver gene mutations is crucial for decision of treatment. Many lung cancer patients are in advanced grade, and lose the chance of operation. METHODS: The tissue used to perform mutation testing is only from biopsy. In order to analysis the difference between surgical resection samples (SRSs) and non-surgical resection samples (NSRSs), 1,357 surgical tissues and 145 biopsy samples histopathologically diagnosed with lung cancer were collected to detect the mutation status of EGFR, KRAS, BRAF, EML4-ALK and ROS1 in this study. RESULTS: There were no significant differences of age, gender, and histological type between the two group patients we collected; however, the significant difference was present in grade. More early stage patients were in the surgical group, but more advanced stage lung cancer patients were in non surgical group. In the mutation analysis, we also found no significant differences in all driver genes we detected between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Both surgical resection samples and biopsy samples could be used to perform the testing the driver gene mutation.
Lung cancer, the most common malignancy, is still the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for 80 % of all lung cancers. Recent studies showed Cathepsin L (CTSL) is overexpressed in various cancerous tissues; however, the association between CTSL expression and EGFR-TKI resistance remains unknown. In this study, we investigated the expression of CTSL in lung cancer specimens and matched normal tissues by quantitative real-time PCR and IHC. The functional role of CTSL in resistant PC-9/GR cell line was investigated by proliferation and apoptosis analysis compared with control PC-9 cells. Our results found that the level of CTSL expression was higher in NSCLC tissues compared with matched normal adjacent tissue samples, and CTSL was more highly expressed in PC-9/GR cells compared to PC-9 cells. Knocking-down of CTSL in PC-9/GR cells could decrease cell proliferation and potentiate apoptosis induced by gefitinib, suggesting CTSL may contribute to gefitinib resistance in NSCLC. CTSL might be explored as a candidate of therapeutic target for modulating EGFR-TKI sensitivity in NSCLC.
The promising effect of antibody-drug conjugates on breast cancer with low expression of HER2 (HER2-low) raises many questions regarding the optimal selection of patients for this treatment. A key question is whether HER2 immunohistochemistry, an assay optimised to detect HER2 amplification, is reliable enough to assess HER2 protein levels to select patients with HER2-low breast cancer in daily pathology practices worldwide. Moreover, whether this assessment can be performed with sufficient reproducibility between pathologists in daily practices is debatable. Herein, we address the historical track record of the CAP-ASCO HER2 Guidelines, the reported limited reproducibility by pathologists of HER2 immunohistochemistry in the non-amplified cases, and the performance variation of different antibodies. Based on this summary, we propose solutions to improve the robustness to enable reliable identification of patients with HER2-low breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: CAPItello-291 is an ongoing phase 3 trial in which capivasertib-fulvestrant significantly improved progression-free survival versus placebo-fulvestrant in patients with hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative advanced breast cancer who had relapse or disease progression during or after aromatase inhibitor treatment, in both the overall population and in patients with PIK3CA, AKT1, or PTEN-altered tumours. This study further explored patient-reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL), functioning, symptoms, and symptom tolerability in CAPItello-291. METHODS: This phase 3, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, which was conducted across 193 hospitals and cancer centres in 19 countries, enrolled women with any menopausal status or men, aged >/=18 years (>/=20 years in Japan), with hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer who had relapse or disease progression during or after treatment with an aromatase inhibitor, with or without previous cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) 4 or 6 inhibitor therapy. Patients had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group/WHO performance score of 0 or 1 and could have received up to two previous lines of endocrine therapy and up to one previous line of chemotherapy for advanced disease. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) using block randomisation (stratified according to the presence or absence of liver metastases, previous use of a CDK4/6 inhibitor [yes vs no], and geographical region) to receive oral capivasertib 400 mg (twice daily for 4 days, followed by 3 days off) plus intramuscular fulvestrant 500 mg (every 14 days for the first three injections, then every 28 days) or placebo with matching fulvestrant dosing. The dual primary endpoint of the trial was investigator-assessed progression-free survival assessed both in the overall population and among patients with PIK3CA, AKT1, or PTEN-altered tumours. The EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire 30-item core module (QLQ-C30) and breast module (QLQ-BR23), Patient-Reported Outcomes version of the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (PRO-CTCAE), and Patient Global Impression of Treatment Tolerability (PGI-TT) questionnaires were used to assess patient-reported outcomes. Evaluation of EORTC QLQ-C30 and EORTC QLQ-BR23 were secondary endpoints and evaluation of PRO-CTCAE and PGI-TT were pre-defined exploratory endpoints, and these endpoints are the subject of analysis in this Article. Data were collected at baseline and prespecified timepoints. Patient-reported outcomes were analysed in all randomly assigned patients with an evaluable baseline assessment and at least one evaluable post-baseline assessment. Change from baseline was assessed using mixed model with repeated measures for EORTC QLQ-C30 and summarised for QLQ-BR23. Time to deterioration was described using the Kaplan-Meier method. PGI-TT and PRO-CTCAE responses were summarised at each treatment cycle. Patient-reported outcomes were not prospectively powered for statistical comparison. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04305496. FINDINGS: Between June 2, 2020, and Oct 13, 2021, 901 patients were enrolled, of whom 708 patients were randomly assigned to receive capivasertib-fulvestrant (n=355) or placebo-fulvestrant (n=353). The median age of the patients was 59 years (IQR 51-67) in the capivasertib-fulvestrant group and 58 years (IQR 49-66) in the placebo-fulvestrant group. At data cutoff (Aug 15, 2022), the median duration of follow-up for progression-free survival in censored patients was 13.0 months (IQR 9.1-16.7) for capivasertib-fulvestrant and 12.7 months (IQR 2.0-16.4) for placebo-fulvestrant in the overall population. EORTC QLQ-C30 global health status/quality of life (GHS/QOL) scores were maintained from baseline and were similar between treatment groups throughout the study period (difference in mean change from baseline of -2.5 [95% CI -4.5 to -0.6] with capivasertib-fulvestrant vs -5.6 [-7.9 to -3.4] with placebo-fulvestrant; treatment difference 3.1 [95% CI 0.2 to 6.0]). Median time to deterioration in EORTC QLQ-C30 GHS/QOL was 24.9 months (95% CI 13.8 to not reached) in the capivasertib-fulvestrant group and 12.0 months (10.2 to 15.7) in the placebo-fulvestrant group (hazard ratio [HR] 0.70, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.92). Time to deterioration HRs for all EORTC QLQ-C30 and QLQ-BR23 subscale scores showed little difference between the treatment groups, except for diarrhoea, which was worse in the capivasertib-fulvestrant group than in the placebo-fulvestrant group (HR 2.75, 95% CI 2.01-3.81). In PRO-CTCAE symptom assessment, the proportion of patients reporting loose and watery stools "frequently" or "almost constantly" was 29% higher at cycle 1, day 15 in the capivasertib-fulvestrant group than in the placebo-fulvestrant group, decreasing at subsequent cycles. Other PRO-CTCAE-reported symptoms (rash, mouth or throat sores, itchy skin, and numbness or tingling in hands or feet) were absent or mild in most patients in both groups throughout treatment. According to the PGI-TT, most patients in both groups reported "not at all" or "a little bit" of bother from treatment side-effects. INTERPRETATION: Patient-reported outcomes from CAPItello-291 demonstrated that capivasertib-fulvestrant delayed time to deterioration of GHS/QOL and maintained other dimensions of HRQOL (except symptoms of diarrhoea) similarly to fulvestrant. With the clinical efficacy and manageable safety profile, these exploratory results further support the positive benefit-risk profile of capivasertib-fulvestrant in this population. FUNDING: AstraZeneca.
The correlation of genetic alterations with response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) has not been fully revealed. In this study, we enrolled 247 breast cancer patients receiving anthracycline-taxane-based NAC treatment. A next generation sequencing (NGS) panel containing 36 hotspot breast cancer-related genes was used in this study. Two different standards for the extent of pathologic complete response (pCR), ypT0/isypN0 and ypT0/is, were used as indicators for NAC treatment. TP53 mutation (n = 149, 60.3%), PIK3CA mutation (n = 109, 44.1%) and MYC amplification (n = 95, 38.5%) were frequently detected in enrolled cases. TP53 mutation (P = 0.019 for ypT0/isypN0 and P = 0.003 for ypT0/is) and ERBB2 amplification (P < 0.001 for both ypT0/isypN0 and ypT0/is) were related to higher pCR rates. PIK3CA mutation (P = 0.040 for ypT0/isypN0) and CCND2 amplification (P = 0.042 for ypT0/is) showed reduced sensitivity to NAC. Patients with MAPK pathway alteration had low pCR rates (P = 0.043 for ypT0/is). Patients with TP53 mutation (-) PIK3CA mutation (-) ERBB2 amplification (+) CCND1 amplification (-), TP53 mutation (+) PIK3CA mutation (-) ERBB2 amplification (+) CCND1 amplification (-) or TP53 mutation (+) PIK3CA mutation (+) ERBB2 amplification (+) CCND1 amplification (-)had significantly higher pCR rates (P < 0.05 for ypT0/isypN0 and ypT0/is) than wild type genotype tumors. Some cancer genetic alterations as well as pathway alterations were associated with chemosensitivity to NAC treatment. Our study may shed light on the molecular characteristics of breast cancer for prediction of NAC expectations when breast cancer is first diagnosed by biopsy.
The first-line treatment of choice for patients with EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC is an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), of which five as follows are predominantly available in practice: gefitinib, erlotinib, afatinib, dacomitinib, and osimertinib. Most prospective clinical trial data with these agents are limited to patients with the common activating and sensitizing EGFR mutations as follows: exon 19 deletions and exon 21 L858R point mutations. However, 10% to 20% of patients with NSCLC harbor uncommon EGFR mutations that have variable sensitivity to different EGFR TKIs. Owing to their molecular structures, afatinib, dacomitinib, and osimertinib have broader inhibitory profiles than the first-generation agents, gefitinib and erlotinib. Nevertheless, the paucity of prospective clinical data, the wide heterogeneity of uncommon mutations, and the existence of compound mutations in up to 25% of the cases complicate treatment decisions in this patient subgroup. Here, we collate the latest preclinical and clinical data regarding the activity of different TKIs against major uncommon EGFR mutations including compound mutations, but excluding exon 20 insertions which are generally insensitive to TKIs. On the basis of these data, we offer suggestions regarding treatment strategies for uncommon EGFR mutations. Moving forward, it will be important to include uncommon EGFR mutations in the first-line molecular analysis of all patients with adenocarcinoma of the lung, as this will help optimize patient outcomes according to their precise genotype.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the differences in nodal positivity if the sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) is performed before or after neoadjuvant endocrine therapy (NET) in breast cancer patients, and its impact on prognosis. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed in a single center including 91 postmenopausal cases with clinically node-negative and hormone receptor-positive/HER2-negative (HR + /HER2-) breast cancer, treated with NET and SLNB. SLNB was done pre-NET until 2014, and post-NET thereafter. Axillary lymph node dissection (ALND) was indicated only in SLNB macrometastasis, although in selected elderly patients, it was omitted. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were estimated in relation to the status of the axilla, and the differences assessed using the log-rank test. RESULTS: Between December 2006 and March 2022, SLNB was performed pre-NET in 14 cases and post-NET in 77. Both groups were similar in baseline tumor and patient characteristics. SLNB positivity was similar regardless of whether SLNB was performed before (5/14, 35.7%) or after NET (27/77, 37%), with 2/14 SLN macrometastases in the pre-NET cohort and 17/77 in the post-NET cohort. Only three patients (18.7%) with SLN macrometastasis had > 3 positive nodes following ALND. The 5-year overall survival and distant disease-free survival were 92.4% and 94.8%, respectively, with no significant differences according to SLNB status (p 0.5 and 0.8, respectively). CONCLUSION: SLN positivity did not differ according to its timing (before or after NET). Therefore, NET has no effect on lymph node clearance. Furthermore, the prognosis is good regardless of the axillary involvement. Therefore, factors other than axillary involvement may affect the prognosis in these patients.
Although therapeutically actionable molecular alterations are widely distributed across many cancer types, only a handful of them show evidence of clinical utility and are recommended for routine clinical practice in the management of cancers of colon and rectum (CRC). This 2021 update aims to provide a succinct summary on the use of prognostic and/or predictive biomarkers (expanded RAS, BRAF, microsatellite-high [MSI-H] or deficient mismatch repair [dMMR], neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase [NTRK] fusion genes, and human epidermal growth factor receptor type II [HER2] gene amplification) associated with CRC. Therapeutic implications of each relevant predictive or prognostic biomarker for patients with CRC are described, along with discussion on new developments on (1) biomarker-driven therapies such as testing of BRAF, MLH1 promoter methylation and MMR germline genes in differentiating sporadic CRC or hereditary conditions such as Lynch syndrome; (2) first-line use of immune checkpoint inhibitors in metastatic CRC; (3) risk stratification and therapy selection based on primary tumor location (left-sided vs. right-sided colon cancer); (3) atypical BRAF mutations; (4) use of EGFR directed therapy in the perioperative oligometastatic disease setting; (5) re-challenge of EGFR directed therapy and (6) personalizing therapy of fluoropyrimidine and irinotecan based on new evidence in pharmacogenomic testing. Data are collected and analyzed from available systematic reviews and meta-analyses of treatments with known therapeutic targets in CRC, which may be associated with predictive and/or prognostic biomarkers. Discussions are presented in an application-based format, with goal to empower pharmacists or other clinicians to gain awareness and understanding in biomarker-driven cancer therapy issues.
A strong connection between neuronal and metabolic health has been revealed in recent years. It appears that both normal and pathophysiological aging, as well as neurodegenerative disorders, are all profoundly influenced by this "neurometabolic" interface, that is, communication between the brain and metabolic organs. An important aspect of this "neurometabolic" axis that needs to be investigated involves an elucidation of molecular factors that knit these two functional signaling domains, neuronal and metabolic, together. This paper attempts to identify and discuss a potential keystone signaling factor in this "neurometabolic" axis, that is, the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). The EGFR has been previously demonstrated to act as a signaling nexus for many ligand signaling modalities and cellular stressors, for example, radiation and oxidative radicals, linked to aging and degeneration. The EGFR is expressed in a wide variety of cells/tissues that pertain to the coordinated regulation of neurometabolic activity. EGFR signaling has been highlighted directly or indirectly in a spectrum of neurometabolic conditions, for example, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, cancer, and cardiorespiratory function. Understanding the positioning of the EGFR within the neurometabolic domain will enhance our appreciation of the ability of this receptor system to underpin highly complex physiological paradigms such as aging and neurodegeneration.
PURPOSE: Elevated levels or increases in circulating tumor cells (CTC) portend poor prognosis in patients with epithelial cancers. Less is known about CTCs as surrogate endpoints or their use for predictive biomarker evaluation. This study investigated the utility of CTC enumeration and characterization using the CellSearch platform, as well as mutation detection in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Forty-one patients were enrolled in a single-arm phase II clinical trial of erlotinib and pertuzumab. Peripheral blood was analyzed for CTC enumeration, EGFR expression in CTCs, and detection of oncogenic mutations in CTCs and ctDNA. Changes in CTC levels were correlated with 2[18F]fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose-positron emission tomographic (FDG-PET) and computed tomographic (CT) imaging and survival endpoints. RESULTS: CTCs were detected (>/= 1 CTC) at baseline in 78% of patients. Greater sensitivity for mutation detection was observed in ctDNA than in CTCs and detected mutations were strongly concordant with mutation status in matched tumor. Higher baseline CTC counts were associated with response to treatment by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST, P = 0.009) and decreased CTC counts upon treatment were associated with FDG-PET and RECIST response (P = 0.014 and P = 0.019) and longer progression-free survival (P = 0.050). CONCLUSION: These data provide evidence of a correlation between decreases in CTC counts and radiographic response by either FDG-PET or RECIST in patients with advanced NSCLC. These findings require prospective validation but suggest a potential role for using CTC decreases as an early indication of response to therapy and ctDNA for real-time assessment of mutation status from blood.
Trastuzumab (TZM), a monoclonal antibody against the ERBB2 protein, increases survival in ERBB2-positive breast cancer patients. Its clinical use, however, is limited by cardiotoxicity. We sought to evaluate whether TZM cardiotoxicity involves inhibition of human adult cardiac-derived stem cells, in addition to previously reported direct adverse effects on cardiomyocytes. To test this idea, we exposed human cardiosphere-derived cells (hCDCs), a natural mixture of cardiac stem cells and supporting cells that has been shown to exert potent regenerative effects, to TZM and tested the effects in vitro and in vivo. We found that ERBB2 mRNA and protein are expressed in hCDCs at levels comparable to those in human myocardium. Although clinically relevant concentrations of TZM had no effect on proliferation, apoptosis, or size of the c-kit-positive hCDC subpopulation, in vitro assays demonstrated diminished potential for cardiogenic differentiation and impaired ability to form microvascular networks in TZM-treated cells. The functional benefit of hCDCs injected into the border zone of acutely infarcted mouse hearts was abrogated by TZM: infarcted animals treated with TZM + hCDCs had a lower ejection fraction, thinner infarct scar, and reduced capillary density in the infarct border zone compared with animals that received hCDCs alone (n = 12 per group). Collectively, these results indicate that TZM inhibits the cardiomyogenic and angiogenic capacities of hCDCs in vitro and abrogates the morphological and functional benefits of hCDC transplantation in vivo. Thus, TZM impairs the function of human resident cardiac stem cells, potentially contributing to TZM cardiotoxicity.
Endocrine therapies for breast cancer that target the estrogen receptor (ER) are ineffective in the 25%-30% of cases that are ER negative (ER-). Androgen receptor (AR) is expressed in 60%-70% of breast tumors, independent of ER status. How androgens and AR regulate breast cancer growth remains largely unknown. We find that AR is enriched in ER- breast tumors that overexpress HER2. Through analysis of the AR cistrome and androgen-regulated gene expression in ER-/HER2+ breast cancers we find that AR mediates ligand-dependent activation of Wnt and HER2 signaling pathways through direct transcriptional induction of WNT7B and HER3. Specific targeting of AR, Wnt or HER2 signaling impairs androgen-stimulated tumor cell growth suggesting potential therapeutic approaches for ER-/HER2+ breast cancers.
Breast cancer is a prevalent neoplastic disease among women worldwide which treatments still present several side effects and resistance. Considering that cancer cells present derangements in their energetic homeostasis, and that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- gamma coactivator 1 (PGC-1) is crucial for cellular metabolism and redox signaling, the main objective of this study was to investigate whether there is a relationship between PGC-1 expression, the proliferation of breast cancer cells and the mechanisms involved. We initially assessed PGC-1beta expression in complementary DNA (cDNA) from breast tumor of patients bearing luminal A, luminal B, and HER2-overexpressed and triple negative tumors. Our data showed that PGC-1beta expression is increased in patients bearing HER2-overexpressing tumors as compared to others subtypes. Using quantitative PCR and immunoblotting, we showed that breast cancer cells with HER2-amplification (SKBR-3) have greater expression of PGC-1beta as compared to a non-tumorous breast cell (MCF-10A) and higher proliferation rate. PGC-1beta expression was knocked down with short interfering RNA in HER2-overexpressing cells, and cells decreased proliferation. In these PGC-1beta-inhibited cells, we found increased citrate synthase activity and no marked changes in mitochondrial respiration. Glycolytic pathway was decreased, characterized by lower intracellular lactate levels. In addition, after PGC-1beta knockdown, SKBR-3 cells showed increased reactive oxygen species production, no changes in antioxidant activity, and decreased expression of ERRalpha, a modulator of metabolism. In conclusion, we show an association of HER2-overexpression and PGC-1beta. PGC-1beta knockdown impairs HER2-overexpressing cells proliferation acting on ERRalpha signaling, metabolism, and redox balance.
BACKGROUND: Tertiary lymphoid structures (TLSs), organizationally resemble lymph nodes, are frequently present in breast cancer (BCa). It is usually, but not always, associated with a positive prognosis or immunotherapy response in cancer patients. This meta-analysis was performed to assess the prognostic and clinical impact of TLSs in BCa. METHODS: We conducted a systematic search in PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and WanFang Database to obtain eligible research data up to May 30, 2021. This meta-analysis is focusing on the studies evaluated the prognostic value of TLSs and the associated clinicopathologic indicators, related gene expression and survival. STATA software 16.0 software was used to assess the prognostic significance and clinical impact of TLSs. RESULTS: Nine studies involved with 2281 cases were incorporated in this meta-analysis, in which four of them evaluated the prognostic value of TLSs. There are 6 studies assessed the relationship of TLSs and 4 studies investigated the clinicopathologic parameters as well as the key gene expression, respectively. The results showed the presence of TLSs were predicting a better OS (HR = 0.61, 95% CI: 0.51-0.73, p < 0.001) and DFS (HR = 0.40, 95% CI: 0.17-0.93, p < 0.001) of BCa patients. It also revealed that the presence of TLSs was significantly correlated with tumor differentiation (p < 0.001), pTNM stage (p < 0.001), lymph node metastasis (p < 0.001), and TILs density (p < 0.001) of BCa, and the expression of Her2 (p < 0.001), ER (p < 0.001), PR (p < 0.001) and Ki67 (p = 0.009) of the tumor cell. CONCLUSION: Our results indicated that high levels of TLSs could predict a favorable prognosis for BCa. Moreover, the TLSs were significantly correlated with the clinicopathological indicators and the critical gene expression of BCa, indicating its potential clinical impact on BCa patients.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status in patients with breast cancer using multidetector computed tomography (MDCT)-based handcrafted and deep radiomics features. METHODS: This retrospective study enrolled 339 female patients (primary cohort, n=177; validation cohort, n=162) with pathologically confirmed invasive breast cancer. Handcrafted and deep radiomics features were extracted from the MDCT images during the arterial phase. After the feature selection procedures, handcrafted and deep radiomics signatures and the combined model were built using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Performance was assessed by measures of discrimination, calibration, and clinical usefulness in the primary cohort and validated in the validation cohort. RESULTS: The handcrafted radiomics signature had a discriminative ability with a C-index of 0.739 [95% confidence interval (95% CI): 0.661-0.818] in the primary cohort and 0.695 (95% CI: 0.609-0.781) in the validation cohort. The deep radiomics signature also had a discriminative ability with a C-index of 0.760 (95% CI: 0.690-0.831) in the primary cohort and 0.777 (95% CI: 0.696-0.857) in the validation cohort. The combined model, which incorporated both the handcrafted and deep radiomics signatures, showed good discriminative ability with a C-index of 0.829 (95% CI: 0.767-0.890) in the primary cohort and 0.809 (95% CI: 0.740-0.879) in the validation cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Handcrafted and deep radiomics features from MDCT images were associated with HER2 status in patients with breast cancer. Thus, these features could provide complementary aid for the radiological evaluation of HER2 status in breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: The introduction of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-targeted treatment options, including dual HER2 blockade, has improved the prognosis for patients with HER2-positive breast cancer (BC) substantially. However, most of these treatments are administered via the intravenous (IV) route, which can present many challenges, such as long infusion and observation times, issues associated with repeated IV access, and increased strain on time and resources of medical centers and healthcare professionals. A fixed-dose combination of pertuzumab and trastuzumab for subcutaneous (SC) injection (pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and hyaluronidase-zzxf (PHESGO((R)), F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Basel, Switzerland; PH FDC SC)) has been approved for use alongside chemotherapy for early-stage and metastatic HER2-positive BC. OBJECTIVES: This systematic literature review was performed to identify evidence relating to time/resource use and resulting cost differences between SC and IV administration of oncology biologics in a hospital setting, and, ultimately, to inform economic modeling and associated health technology assessment of PH FDC SC. METHODS: Electronic databases (Embase, MEDLINE, and EconLit) were searched on 9 April 2020. Additional hand searches were performed to identify publications not captured in the electronic database search. Publication screening and data extraction (study characteristics, participants, interventions, costs, and time/resource use) were carried out per the standard Cochrane review methodology. The quality of economic evidence of cost analyses was assessed using the 36-item checklist of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence Single Technology Appraisal Specification for submission of evidence (January 2015). RESULTS: The database search identified 2,740 records, of which 237 underwent full text screening. Full text screening, prioritization of publications about patients with a cancer diagnosis, and the addition of four citations identified during the hand search resulted in 72 final included publications, relating to 71 unique studies. This included 40 publications that described the time/resource use and/or costs associated with SC versus IV trastuzumab administration for the treatment of HER2-positive BC, and 28 publications that described time/resource use and/or costs associated with rituximab SC versus IV administration for the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma/follicular lymphoma and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. The majority of publications showed substantial time savings for preparation and administration of SC versus IV therapy, and cost savings associated with reductions in healthcare professional time and resource use for SC administration. LIMITATIONS: There was a lack of consensus between publications regarding time and cost measurements. In addition, the search was limited to publications related to anticancer drugs; the majority of the studies included were performed in European countries. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: This review indicated a substantial body of evidence showing time/resource and cost savings of SC versus IV administration of oncology biologics in a hospital setting, which can be used to inform economic evaluations of PH FDC SC.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common disease and the second most common cause of death around the world. The drug for second-line treatment depends on the drugs used in first-line treatment and the biomarker status. As biomarkers, the RAS gene, BRAF gene, and dMMR/MSI-H, TMB-H, and HER2 statuses have been established in clinical practice, and the corresponding molecularly targeted therapeutic agents are selected based on the biomarker status. Given the frequency of biomarkers, it is assumed that when patients move on to second-line treatment, an angiogenesis inhibitor is selected in many cases. For second-line treatment, three angiogenesis inhibitors, bevacizumab (BEV), ramucirumab (RAM), and aflibercept (AFL), are available, and one of them is combined with cytotoxic agents. These three angiogenesis inhibitors are known to inhibit angiogenesis through different mechanisms of action. Although no useful biomarkers have been established for the selection of angiogenesis inhibitors, previous biomarker studies have suggested that angiogenesis-related factors such as VEGF-A and VEGF-D might be predictors of the therapeutic efficacy of angiogenesis inhibitors. These biomarkers are measured as protein levels in plasma and are considered to be promising biomarkers. We consider that the rationale for selecting among these three angiogenesis inhibitors should be clarified to benefit patients.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is a 53-amino acid growth factor (6.2 kDa) secreted by ectodermic cells, monocytes, kidneys and duodenal glands (1). EGF stimulates growth of epidermal and epithelial cells. EGF with at least seven other growth factors and their transmembrane receptor kinases play important roles in cell proliferation, survival, adhesion, migration and differentiation. The EGF receptor (EGFR) family consists of four transmembrane receptors, including EGFR (HER1/erbB-1), HER2 (erbB-2/neu), HER3 (erbB-3) and HER4 (erbB-4) (2). HER1, HER3 and HER4 comprise three major functional domains: an extracellular ligand-binding domain, a hydrophobic transmembrane domain and a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain. No ligand has been clearly identified for HER2. However, HER2 can be activated as a result of ligand binding to other HER receptors with the formation of receptor homodimers and/or heterodimers (3). HER1 as well as HER2 are overexpressed on many solid tumor cells such as breast, non-small-cell lung, head and neck, and colon cancer (4-6). The high levels of HER1 and HER2 expression on cancer cells are associated with a poor prognosis (7-10). Optical fluorescence imaging is increasingly being used to monitor biological functions of specific targets (11-13). However, the intrinsic fluorescence of biomolecules poses a problem when fluorophores that absorb visible light (350-700 nm) are used. Near-infrared (NIR) fluorescence (700-1,000 nm) detection avoids the natural background fluorescence interference of biomolecules, providing a high contrast between target and background tissues in small animals. NIR fluorophores have a wider dynamic range and minimal background fluorescence as a result of reduced scattering compared with visible fluorescence detection. NIR fluorophores also have high sensitivity, attributable to low background fluorescence, and high extinction coefficients, which provide high quantum yields. The NIR region is also compatible with solid-state optical components, such as diode lasers and silicon detectors. NIR fluorescence imaging is a non-invasive complement to radionuclide imaging in small animals. Trastuzumab is a humanized IgG(1) monoclonal antibody (mAb) against the extracellular domain of recombinant HER2 with an affinity constant (K(d)) of 0.1 nM (14). (111)In-Trastuzumab, Cy5.5-trastuzumab, and (68)Ga-trastuzumab-F(ab')(2) have been developed for imaging of human breast cancer (15-19). However, the pharmacokinetics of intact radiolabeled mAb, with high liver uptake and slow blood elimination, are generally not ideal for imaging. Smaller antibody fragments, such as Fab or F(ab )(2), have better imaging pharmacokinetics because they are rapidly excreted by the kidneys. A novel class of recombinant affinity ligands (Affibody molecules) for HER2 was constructed based on a 58-amino-acid Z-domain residues from one of the IgG-binding domains of staphylococcal protein A (20). Affibody molecules exhibit high binding affinity to HER2 with K(d) values of <50 nM. Various radiolabeled Affibody molecules have been studied in their ability for imaging of HER2 in tumors [PubMed]. A synthetic Affibody molecule was successfully made as albumin-binding domain (ABD)-fused-Z(HER2:342) Affibody for labeling with IRDye 800CW (21). IRDye 800-ABD-Z(HER2:342) (Haff800) has been evaluated in nude mice bearing human SKOV-3 breast adenocarcinoma tumor.
Breast cancer is the most prevalent life-threatening cancer in women. Optimizing therapy to increase cure rates in early stage disease, and improving life expectancy and palliation for advanced stages, are goals driving major areas of research. The armamentarium of targeted treatments for breast cancer is ever expanding as understanding of breast cancer biology deepens. A revolution in our treatment was heralded a decade ago by the introduction of trastuzumab for human epidermal receptor-2 positive (HER2+) disease resulting in remarkable reductions in recurrence and improvements in overall survival (OS). Advances continue to be made in other breast cancer subtypes targeting key activating pathways for therapeutic development. However, for these other targeted agents, improvement in OS has been elusive. This article focuses on the development of targeted therapy in breast cancer focusing primarily on the last 5 years, to illustrate that as we understand the complex pathways allowing the dysregulated cell to become malignant, it also propels us closer towards the promise of precision and personalized medicine.
Lapatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, can initially benefit the patients with breast tumors but fails in later treatment due to the inevitable development of drug resistance. Estrogen-related receptor alpha (ERRalpha) modulates the metabolic adaptations in lapatinib-resistant cancer cells; however, the underlying mechanism remains unclear. ERRalpha was predicted to bind to the serine hydroxymethyltransferase 2 (SHMT2) transcription initiation site in the ER- and HER2-positive cell line BT-474; thus, we hypothesize that ERRalpha might modulate the resistance of breast cancer to lapatinib via regulating SHMT2. In the present study, we revealed that 2.5 and 5 microM lapatinib treatment could significantly decrease the expression and protein levels of ERRalpha and SHMT2; ERRalpha and SHMT2 expression and protein levels were significantly up-regulated in breast cancer cells, in particularly in breast cancer cells with resistance to lapatinib. ERRalpha knockdown restored the inhibitory effects of lapatinib on the BT-474R cell viability and migration; in the meantime, ERRalpha knockdown rescued the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) whereas decreased the ratio of glutathione (GSH)/oxidized glutathione (GSSG) upon lapatinib treatment. Via targeting SHMT2 promoter region, ERRalpha activated the transcription of SHMT2. The effects of ERRalpha knockdown on BT-474R cells under lapatinib treatment could be significantly reversed by SHMT2 overexpression. In conclusion, ERRalpha knockdown suppresses the detoxification and the mitochondrial metabolic adaption in breast cancer resistant to lapatinib; ERRalpha activates SHMT2 transcription via targeting its promoter region, therefore enhancing breast cancer resistance to lapatinib.
BACKGROUND: The Breast DX Italy prospective study evaluated the impact of the 21-gene recurrence score (RS) result on adjuvant treatment decisions for patients with early breast cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Nine centers (two Hub and seven Spoke centers of the Veneto Oncology Network) participated. Consecutive patients with estrogen receptor positive, human epidermal growth receptor negative, T1-T3, N0-N1 early breast cancer were prospectively registered; only those meeting protocol-defined clinicopathological "intermediate risk" criteria were eligible for the RS test. Pre-RS and post-RS physicians' treatment recommendations and treatment actually received were collected. RESULTS: A total of n = 124 N0 and n = 126 N1 patients underwent the RS assay. The majority had Grade 2 tumors (71%); median age was 55 years, median tumor size was 16 mm, and median Ki67 expression was 20%. Patients enrolled at Hub centers presented higher-risk features. The distribution of RS results was <18 (60.8%), 18-30 (32.4%), and >30 (6.8%). The indication before RS was hormonal therapy (HT) alone in 52% of cases. An indication before RS of chemotherapy (CT)+HT was more frequent for patients with N1 versus N0 tumors (57% vs. 39%, p = .0035) and for patients enrolled at Hub versus Spoke centers (54% vs. 36%, p = .007).The overall rate of change in treatment decision was 16% (n = 40), mostly from CT+HT to HT (n = 30). According to nodal status, rate of change in treatment decision was 12% for the N0 cohort and 20% for the N1 cohort. The proportion of patients recommended to CT+HT was significantly reduced from before to after RS (48% to 40%, p < .0016), especially in the N1 cohort (57% to 45%, p = .0027) and at Hub centers (54% to 44%, p = .001). CONCLUSION: Despite frequent indication of HT before RS, the use of the RS assay further contributed to sparing CT, especially for patients with N1 tumors and at Hub centers. IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: This study shows that, although a high proportion of patients were recommended to receive endocrine treatment alone before knowing the recurrence score (RS) assay, the RS test further contributed in sparing chemotherapy for some of these patients, especially in case of the N1 stage or for patients enrolled at referral centers. These data highlight the need for further work in collaboration with health authorities and companies in order to define strategies for the implementation of the use of RS testing in clinical practice in the Italian setting.
BACKGROUND: The antiepidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody cetuximab and immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are the current front-line treatment for recurrent and metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (R/M HNSCC). However, understanding of the efficacy of cetuximab-containing regimens in patients who fail ICI treatments is limited. In this study, we present the efficacy of cetuximab-based regimens in heavily pretreated R/M HNSCC patients after progression to ICIs. METHODS: This was a retrospective study that analyzed patients diagnosed with R/M HNSCC who progressed after ICIs and then received their first-time cetuximab-based regimens at Taipei Veterans General Hospital from January 2017 to December 2020. The response rate, overall survival, and progression-free survival were measured. RESULTS: A total of 28 patients were included in this study. Most patients had received pembrolizumab as an ICI. The median duration of cetuximab-based regimens prescribed was 4.5 months. The objective response rate (ORR) was 32.1% (95% confidence interval [CI], 17.9%-50.6%), and the disease control rate (DCR) was 53.6% (95% CI, 42.4%-76.4%). The median overall survival and median progression-free survival were 9.1 months (95% CI, 1.3-16.8) and 2.9 months (95% CI, 2.2-3.5), respectively. The incidence of cetuximab-related adverse events was reported as 39.2%. CONCLUSION: A cetuximab-based regimen is still an effective and tolerable treatment for R/M HNSCC after progression on ICIs. Future prospective studies are needed to identify better treatments for previously ICI-treated or heavily treated R/M HNSCC patients.
Vascular endothelial growth factor is an angiogenic that promotes the development and metastasis of tumors (VEGF). The epidermal growth factor receptor, or EGFR, controls the division, growth, and death of cells via several signaling pathways. It has been found that most of the tyrosine kinase EGFR/VEGFR-2 inhibited by drugs that the FDA has approved are so far. The main objective of the present study was to identify an efficacious and selective dual inhibitor of VEGFR-2/EGFR for the treatment of cancer. Out of the 400 ligands tested against the kinases, 12 compounds demonstrated the best docking scores through molecular docking for the two kinases. Of these, only compound SCHEMBL2435814 inhibited the kinases with the highest score values when compared to a reference, vandetanib, as a dual inhibitor of EGFR/VEGFR-2 kinases through interaction with the identified active sites pocket. Following drug-likeness score toxicity and pharmacokinetic testing, the two compounds, SCHEMBL2435814 and vandetanib, were analyzed to determine how the two kinases interacted with each other. The results of calculations of pi-cation interactions, hydrogen bonds, and hydrophobic interactions demonstrated a strong interaction between the two kinases and SCHEMBL2435814. Eventually, molecular dynamic modeling was used to assess the stability of complexes. This demonstrated many characteristics, including RMSF, RMSD, SASA, RG, and H-bond analysis, which demonstrated that SCHEMBL2435814 with the two kinases was more stable than vandetanib over a 100ns simulation period. By suppressing EGFR/VEGFR-2, chemical SCHEMBL2435814 may be able to postpone the signaling pathway of proteins that are essential to the advancement of cancer.
Treatment for the HER2+ breast cancer subtype is still unsatisfactory, despite breakthroughs in research. The discovery of various new molecular mechanisms of transcription factors may help to make treatment regimens more effective. The transcription factor SALL4 has been related to aggressiveness and resistance therapy in cancer. Its molecular mechanisms and involvement in various signaling pathways are unknown in the HER2+ breast cancer subtype. In this study, we have evaluated the implication of SALL4 in the HER2+ subtype through its expression in patients' samples and gain and loss of function in HER2+ cell lines. We found higher SALL4 expression in breast cancer tissues compared to healthy tissue. Interestingly, high SALL4 expression was associated with disease relapse and poor patient survival. In HER2+ cell lines, transient overexpression of SALL4 modulates PI3K/AKT signaling through regulating PTEN expression and BCL2, which increases cell survival and proliferation while reducing the efficacy of trastuzumab. SALL4 has also been observed to regulate the epithelial-mesenchymal transition and stemness features. SALL4 overexpression significantly reduced the epithelial markers E-cadherin, while it increased the mesenchymal markers beta-catenin, vimentin and fibronectin. Furthermore, it has been also observed an increased expression of MYC, an essential transcription factor for regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition and/or cancer stem cells. Our study demonstrates, for the first time, the importance of SALL4 in the HER2+ subtype and partial regulation of trastuzumab sensitivity. It provides a viable molecular mechanism-driven therapeutic strategy for an important subset of HER2-overexpressing patients whose malignancies are mediated by SALL4 expression.
Androgen withdrawal is the only effective therapy for patients with advanced prostate cancer, but progression to androgen independence ultimately occurs in almost all patients. Novel therapeutic strategies targeting molecular mechanisms that mediate resistance to hormonal and chemotherapeutic treatment are highly warranted. Here, we aimed to evaluate the expression of potential therapeutic targets in advanced prostate cancer. A tissue microarray (TMA) containing samples from 535 tissue blocks was constructed, including benign prostatic hyperplasia as controls (n = 65), prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PIN; n = 78), clinically localized prostate cancers (n = 181), as well as hormone-refractory local recurrences (n = 120) and distant metastases (n = 91). The expression of 13 different proteins was analyzed using immunohistochemistry (Bcl-2, p53, ILK, Syndecan-1, MUC-1, EGFR, HER2/neu, HSP-90, Ep-CAM, MMP-2, CD-10, CD-117 and Ki67). Significant overexpression in hormone-refractory prostate cancer and metastatic tissue compared to localized prostate cancer was found for Ki67 (64% vs. 9%), Bcl-2 (11% vs. 1%), p53 (35% vs. 4%), Syndecan-1 (38% vs. 3%), EGFR (16% vs. 1%) and HER2/neu (16% vs. 0%). Overexpression of CD-117 was restricted to 1 single metastasis. All other markers did not show relevant differences in expression between subgroups. Taken together, p53, Bcl-2, Syndecan-1, EGFR and HER2/neu are preferentially expressed in hormone-refractory and metastatic prostate cancer. Selected inhibition of these targets might offer a strategy to treat advanced tumors and prevent further progression. Treatment decisions should not be based on findings in primary tumors but rather on tissues from recurrent or metastatic lesions.
BACKGROUND: This study focuses on the lncRNA XIST (X inactive-specific transcript), an lncRNA involved in multiple human cancers, and investigates the functional significance of XIST and the molecular mechanisms underlying the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in pancreatic cancer (PC). METHODS: Clinical specimens from 25 patients as well as 5 human PC cell lines were analyzed for XIST, YAP, and microRNA(miR)-34a by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) and immunohistochemistry. To investigate how XIST influences cell proliferation, invasiveness, and apoptosis in PC, we performed the CCK-8 assays, Transwell assays, and flow cytometry. Luciferase reporter assays, qRT-PCR, and Western blot were applied to prove that miR-34a directly binds to XIST. RESULTS: Up-regulation of XIST and Yes associated protein (YAP) and down-regulation of miR-34a were consistently observed in the clinical specimens and PC cell lines. Silencing XIST reduced the expression of YAP and suppressed transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta1-induced EMT, while over-expression of XIST increased the expression of YAP and promoted EMT. In addition, inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) hampered the XIST-promoted EMT. The results from the luciferase reporter assays confirmed that miR-34a directly targets XIST and suggested that XIST regulates cell proliferation, invasiveness, and apoptosis in PC by sponging miR-34a. CONCLUSIONS: XIST promotes TGF-beta1-induced EMT by regulating the miR-34a-YAP-EGFR axis in PC.
AIM: The mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (MET) is a receptor tyrosine kinase that plays a key role in cell survival, growth, angiogenesis and metastasis. Because its expression is frequently altered in tumors, MET is currently under investigation as a potential target for anticancer therapy. The purpose of the present study was to determine the prognostic value of tumor MET expression levels in patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer, in order to strengthen the rationale for targeted therapy using MET inhibitors in this breast cancer subpopulation. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We determined the expression of MET in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded surgical specimens of ER- and HER2-positive breast cancer by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Comparisons of MET expression with clinical parameters, including survival of the patients, were performed with MET expression as a dichotomized variable classified as high or low. Out of 78 tumors, 3 (3.8%) showed high MET expression. The analysis examining the association between MET and survival did not yield any statistically significant result regarding overall survival or disease-free survival. CONCLUSION: ER- and HER2-positive breast carcinomas do not exhibit high MET expression. This null finding, the first to be reported in the literature, is of great importance, since it indicates that this sub-group population is not proper candidate for clinical trials with MET inhibitors.
Somatic alterations in the epidermal growth factor receptor gene (EGFR) result in aberrant activation of kinase signaling and occur in  approximately 15% of non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC). Patients diagnosed with EGFR-mutant NSCLC have good initial clinical response to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR TKIs), yet tumor recurrence is common and quick to develop. Mechanisms of acquired resistance to EGFR TKIs have been studied extensively over the past decade. Great progress has been made in understanding two major routes of therapeutic failure: additional genomic alterations in the EGFR gene and activation of alternative kinase signaling (so-called "bypass activation"). Several pharmacological agents aimed at overcoming these modes of EGFR TKI resistance are FDA-approved or under clinical development. Phenotypic transformation, a less common and less well understood mechanism of EGFR TKI resistance is yet to be addressed in the clinic. In the context of acquired EGFR TKI resistance, phenotypic transformation encompasses epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT), transformation of adenocarcinoma of the lung (LUAD) to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) or small cell lung cancer (SCLC). SCLC transformation, or neuroendocrine differentiation, has been linked to inactivation of TP53 and RB1 signaling. However, the exact mechanism that permits lineage switching needs further investigation. Recent reports indicate that LUAD and SCLC have a common cell of origin, and that trans-differentiation occurs under the right conditions. Options for therapeutic targeting of EGFR-mutant SCLC are limited currently to conventional genotoxic chemotherapy. Similarly, the basis of EMT-associated resistance is not clear. EMT is a complex process that can be characterized by a spectrum of intermediate states with diverse expression of epithelial and mesenchymal factors. In the context of acquired resistance to EGFR TKIs, EMT frequently co-occurs with bypass activation, making it challenging to determine the exact contribution of EMT to therapeutic failure. Reversibility of EMT-associated resistance points toward its epigenetic origin, with additional adjustments, such as genetic alterations and bypass activation, occurring later during disease progression. This review will discuss the mechanistic basis for EGFR TKI resistance linked to phenotypic transformation, as well as challenges and opportunities in addressing this type of targeted therapy resistance in EGFR-mutant NSCLC.
PURPOSE: Studies have shown that mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase domain are associated with response of lung cancer to gefitinib (Iressa, AstraZeneca Corp., Shanghai, China). A higher incidence of EGFR mutation was observed in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients of Japanese origin compared with those of American origin. However, no data about such mutations in Chinese patients with NSCLC could be obtained. METHODS: Primary NSCLC tissues were obtained for analysis of mutations in exons 18 to 21 of EGFR from a total of 76 patients, of whom 54 did not receive gefitinib therapy and 22 did. PCR products were sequenced directly and mutations were confirmed by an independent PCR and sequence analysis. All types of mutation were cloned and sequenced. RESULTS: A total of 10 types of mutation were found in the series of patients, including two different silent mutations in exon 20 from 11 patients. More than half of the silent mutations (6 of 11) in exon 20 coexisted with other mutations. Mutations were more frequent in adenocarcinoma (17 of 35; 48.6%) compared with squamous carcinoma (1 of 19; 5.3%) among untreated patients. Similar mutations were observed in all seven gefitinib-treated patients with partial response, and no mutations were detected in all eight patients with progressive disease (P < 0.001), except two silent mutations. Three mutations were observed in seven patients with stable disease. CONCLUSIONS: Mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase domain in lung adenocarcinomas from Chinese patients were more frequent than reported previously in lung adenocarcinomas from American patients. Such mutations were well correlated with tumor response to gefitinib.
Peptides that have high affinity for target molecules on the surface of cancer cells are crucial for the development of targeted cancer therapies. However, unstructured peptides often fail to bind their target molecules with high affinity. To efficiently identify high-affinity target-binding peptides, we have constructed a fluorescent protein scaffold, designated gFPS, in which structurally constrained peptides are integrated at residues K131-L137 of superfolder green fluorescent protein. Molecular dynamics simulation supported the suitability of this site for presentation of exogenous peptides with a constrained structure. gFPS can present 4 to 12 exogenous amino acids without a loss of fluorescence. When gFPSs presenting human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2)-targeting peptides were added to the culture medium of HER2-expressing cells, we could easily identify the peptides with high HER2-affinity and -specificity based on gFPS fluorescence. In addition, gFPS could be expressed on the yeast cell surface and applied for a high-throughput screening. These results demonstrate that gFPS has the potential to serve as a powerful tool to improve screening of structurally constrained peptides that have a high target affinity, and suggest that it could expedite the one-step identification of clinically applicable cancer cell-binding peptides.
Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy combined with chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for advanced gastric cancer. Data Sources: Phase III randomised controlled trials were searched from PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials databases, and several international conference databases, from inception to 15 November 2024. Results: A total of eight eligible trials involved 7898 patients and eight treatments. The network meta-analysis showed that cadonilimab plus chemotherapy was the most superior treatment in improving overall survival (versus conventional chemotherapy, hazard ratio 0.62, 95% credible interval 0.50 to 0.78) and progression-free survival (0.53, 0.43 to 0.65), and consistency of results were observed in specific PD-L1 combined positive score groups. All immune checkpoint inhibitors combined with chemotherapy improved patient prognosis, but nivolumab plus chemotherapy may lead to an increase in grade 3 or higher adverse events (odds ratio 1.68, 95% credible interval 1.04 to 2.54), and the toxicity of cadonilimab plus chemotherapy was more likely to force patients to discontinue treatment. Conclusions: These results showed that cadonilimab plus chemotherapy had the best overall survival and progression-free survival benefits for advanced gastric cancer patients with HER-2 negative, and was preferentially recommended to patients with positive PD-L1 CPS.
Aberrant Her2/neu expression is associated with the development of epithelial-derived human carcinomas and for this reason it is considered a good target for immunologic intervention. To define methods to circumvent immunologic tolerance and to elicit immunity against the Her2/neu tumor-associated antigen in a suitable animal model, we have isolated the cDNA encoding the rhesus monkey homolog of human Her2/neu (RhErbB2) to construct DNA plasmids and adenoviral vectors for the development of a cancer vaccine against this protein. To further increase the immunogenic potency of these vectors, a synthetic codon-optimized RhErbB2 cDNA (RhErbB2OPT) was constructed and characterized. Genetic vaccination of rhesus monkeys was effective in inducing a response against RhErbB2 in immunized animals; importantly, the elicited immunity was associated with natural RhErbB2 polymorphisms, thus distinguishing responses against "self " and "nonself " epitopes. In particular, the postpriming response recognized mainly nonself epitopes whereas the boosted response cross-reacted with self epitopes. Our findings are particularly relevant in the investigation of the impact of TAA polymorphisms on the efficacy of a cancer vaccine strategy.
We report the case of a woman with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer who achieved prolonged complete remission of multiple liver metastases after treatment with weekly trastuzumab plus paclitaxel but relapsed in the brain soon after stopping trastuzumab maintenance therapy which had been prosecuted for almost three years. In the absence of randomized trials, the optimal duration of trastuzumab administration after achieving complete remission of metastatic breast cancer remains questionable.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors are increasingly used for cancer treatment, but commonly carry dermatologic side effects. Periungual inflammation is a particularly painful condition that additionally worsens quality of life. In this paper, we report 3 cases of successful treatment of periungual inflammation induced by 3 different EGFR inhibitors (gefitinib, erlotinib, and cetuximab) with topically applied adapalene.
BACKGROUND: Nowadays, patients with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI)-sensitive advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) receive EGFR-TKIs as first-line treatment. We aimed to analyze the relationship between preliminary efficacy (tumor shrinkage within 1 month) and progression-free survival (PFS) after first-line EGFR-TKI treatment. METHODS: A total of 82 patients with EGFR-TKI-sensitive advanced NSCLC confirmed by histopathology from January 2013 to January 2017 were retrospectively analyzed. All patients received first-line EGFR-TKI treatment and follow-up at Shanghai Chest Hospital. RESULTS: Of a total of 82 patients, 42 (51.2%) patients achieved partial response (PR) within 1 month, and 40 (48.8%) patients achieved stable disease (SD: -30% to 0) within 1 month. The median PFS among all patients was 10 months. The median PFS in patients achieving PR within 1 month was 10.0 months. The median PFS in patients achieving SD (-30% to 0) within 1 month was 9.3 months. There was no statistically significant difference between PR within 1 month and SD (-30% to 0) within 1 month (P=0.620). In the EGFR-sensitive mutation subgroup, there was also no statistically significant difference between PR within 1 month and SD (-30% to 0) within 1 month. Univariate and multivariate analysis of first-line EGFR-TKI treatment showed that age, EGFR mutation type, and T staging had effects on PFS. Patients who were more than 65 years old, had EGFR 19del mutation, along with a T staging less than 4, had a longer PFS; these differences were statistically significant. Liver metastasis, bone metastasis, and brain metastasis were not shown to be related to PFS. CONCLUSIONS: For patients with EGFR-TKI-sensitive advanced NSCLC, there is no correlation between preliminary efficacy (tumor shrinkage within 1 month) and PFS after first-line EGFR-TKI treatment.
Chameleon proteins are proteins which include sequences that can adopt alpha-helix-beta-strand (HE-chameleon) or alpha-helix-coil (HC-chameleon) or beta-strand-coil (CE-chameleon) structures to operate their crucial biological functions. In this study, using a network-based approach, we examined the chameleon proteins to give a better knowledge on these proteins. We focused on proteins with identical chameleon sequences with more than or equal to seven residues long in different PDB entries, which adopt HE-chameleon, HC-chameleon, and CE-chameleon structures in the same protein. One hundred and ninety-one human chameleon proteins were identified via our in-house program. Then, protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks, Gene ontology (GO) enrichment, disease network, and pathway enrichment analyses were performed for our derived data set. We discovered that there are chameleon sequences which reside in protein-protein interaction regions between two proteins critical for their dual function. Analysis of the PPI networks for chameleon proteins introduced five hub proteins, namely TP53, EGFR, HSP90AA1, PPARA, and HIF1A, which were presented in four PPI clusters. The outcomes demonstrate that the chameleon regions are in critical domains of these proteins and are important in the development and treatment of human cancers. The present report is the first network-based functional study of chameleon proteins using computational approaches and might provide a new perspective for understanding the mechanisms of diseases helping us in developing new medical therapies along with discovering new proteins with chameleon properties which are highly important in cancer.
BACKGROUND: The role of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in NSCLC patients with EGFR mutations are controversial. In this study, we aim to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of ICIs alone or in combination in patients with EGFR mutated NSCLC in late-line settings, and explore the factors that may predict the efficacy of ICIs. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively collected the clinical and pathological information of 75 patients with confirmed EGFR mutations. All patients have developed acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs, and were treated with ICIs in late line settings from January 2019 to January 2021, at Shandong Caner Hospital and Institute. Therapeutic efficacy was evaluated by tumor response and survival. RESULTS: The median follow-up period was 7.3months (range 1.8-31.8 months). The overall response rate (ORR) was 8.0%, and the disease control rate (DCR) was 78.7%. The median PFS for all patients was 3.9 months (95% CI, 2.7-5.0), while the median OS was 9.9 months (95% CI, 5.3-14.6). We found that patients with longer response duration to EGFR-TKIs (>/=10 months) showed a longer PFS when treated with immunotherapy compared with patients with shorter PFS-TKI (<10 months), the median PFS in two groups were 5.2 months [95%CI 4.2-6.2] and 2.8 months [2.0-3.6]) respectively (HR, 0.53, 95%CI, 0.31-0.91, P=0.005). In exploratory analysis, we found that concurrent extracranial radiotherapy and higher body mass index (BMI) are associated with longer PFS (P values are 0.006 and 0.021 respectively). CONCLUSIONS: We found that combination regimen of immunotherapy plus chemotherapy plus antiangiogenetic agents may yield longer survival in patients with EGFR mutated NSCLC. We also found that patients with longer PFS-TKI, concurrent extracranial radiotherapy and higher BMI may benefit more from immunotherapy.
Head-and-neck (H&N) tumor re-growth is clinically observed after arrest of anti-EGFR therapies. In the present study, we compared, for a similar dose exposure to anti-EGFR therapies, constant (CS) with tapered (TS) schedules (i.e. progressive dose reduction) for cetuximab, a mAb, and gefitinib, a TKI. Mice bearing CAL33 H&N tumors with high EGFR content were treated with cetuximab or gefitinib. CS consisted of 7 days of cetuximab or gefitinib administration and TS of 7 days of drugs followed by 7 days of administration at decreased doses (divided by 2 every day). Gefitinib TS but not CS slowed down tumor re-growth. Cetuximab TS had a stronger and longer-lasting effect than CS, paralleled by a down-regulation of EGFR expression. Whatever the drug, TS decreased tumor re-growth more efficiently than CS. This new drug schedule could be of interest in the management of anti-EGFR based therapies in H&N cancer.
MicroRNAs are frequently dysregulated in human neoplasms, including gastrointestinal cancers. Nevertheless, the global influence of microRNA dysregulation on cellular signaling is still unknown. Here we sought to elucidate cellular signaling dysregulation by microRNAs in gastrointestinal cancers at the systems biology level followed by experimental validation. Signature dysregulated microRNAs in gastric, colorectal and liver cancers were defined based on our previous studies. Targets of signature dysregulated miRNAs were predicted using multiple computer algorithms followed by gene enrichment analysis to identify biological processes perturbed by dysregulated microRNAs. Effects of microRNAs on endocytosis were measured by epidermal growth factor (EGF) internalization assay. Our analysis revealed that, aside from well-established cancer-related signaling pathways, several novel pathways, including axon guidance, neurotrophin/nerve growth factor signaling, and endocytosis, were found to be involved in the pathogenesis of gastrointestinal cancers. The regulation of EGF receptor (EGFR) endocytosis by two predicted miRNAs, namely miR-17 and miR-145, was confirmed experimentally. Functionally, miR-145, which blocked EGFR endocytosis, prolonged EGFR membrane signaling and altered responsiveness of colon cancer cells to EGFR-targeting drugs. In conclusion, our analysis depicts a comprehensive picture of cellular signaling dysregulation, including endocytosis, by microRNAs in gastrointestinal cancers.
BACKGROUND: Choroidal metastases being the sole presenting feature of lung cancer is rare. Erlotinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), is used in the treatment of lung adenocarcinoma where tumor cells exhibit epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. We report a case of metastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with choroidal metastasis, which was the sole presenting feature and which responded to erlotinib. METHODS: We performed a retrospective case review. CASE: A 78-year-old man presented with a choroidal mass which was found to be the presenting feature of metastatic NSCLC. Our patient, a nonsmoker, had disseminated bony metastases, and therefore was advised to undergo palliative chemotherapy, which he refused. He was therefore instituted on oral erlotinib. RESULTS: Tumor cells expressing EGFR mutations are known to be susceptible to TKIs. Even though the tumor in our case showed no mutation, i.e. was classified as 'wild-type', our patient showed a dramatic response to erlotinib. At 1 year, the choroidal lesion had regressed and visual acuity had recovered. CONCLUSIONS: TKIs may be beneficial in patients with choroidal metastases from NSCLC, especially those in which an EGFR mutation is noted. Even in the absence of such mutations, choroidal metastases may show a favorable effect in response to TKIs, such as erlotinib.
Endocrine therapies effectively improve the outcomes of patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer. However, the emergence of drug-resistant tumors creates a core clinical challenge. In breast cancer cells rendered resistant to the antiestrogen fulvestrant, we defined causative mechanistic roles for the transcription factor YBX1 and the levels of ER and the ERBB2 receptor. Enforced expression of YBX1 in parental cells conferred resistance against tamoxifen and fulvestrant in vitro and in vivo Furthermore, YBX1 overexpression was associated with decreased and increased levels of ER and ERBB2 expression, respectively. In antiestrogen-resistant cells, increased YBX1 phosphorylation was associated with a 4-fold higher degradation rate of ER. Notably, YBX1 bound the ER, leading to its accelerated proteasomal degradation, and induced the transcriptional activation of ERBB2. In parallel fashion, tamoxifen treatment also augmented YBX1 binding to the ERBB2 promoter to induce increased ERBB2 expression. Together, these findings define a mechanism of drug resistance through which YBX1 contributes to antiestrogen bypass in breast cancer cells. Cancer Res; 77(2); 545-56. (c)2016 AACR.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) lacks estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER-2) expression and thus cannot benefit from conventional hormonal or anti-HER2 targeted therapies. Anti-androgen therapy has shown a certain effect on androgen receptor (AR) positive TNBC. The emerging researches have proved that poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor is effective in BRCA1-deficient breast cancers. We demonstrated that combination of AR antagonist (bicalutamide) and PARP inhibitor (ABT-888) could inhibit cell viability and induce cell apoptosis significantly whatever in vitro or in vivo setting in AR-positive TNBC. Previous studies have proved that both BRCA1 and PARP1 have close connections with AR in prostate cancer. We explored the correlation among AR, PARP1 and BRCA1 in TNBC for the first time. After BRCA1 overexpression, the expression of AR and PARP1 were decreased in mRNA and protein levels. Additionally, AR positively regulated PARP1 while PARP1 also up-regulated AR expression in vitro. We also confirmed BRCA1 expression was negatively correlated with AR and PARP1 in TNBC patients using a tissue microarray with TNBC patient samples. These results suggest that the combination of bicalutamide and PARP inhibitor may be a potential strategy for TNBC patients and merits further evaluation.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) after cardiovascular disease. The incidence of CKD in patients with cancer is higher than in the non-cancer population. Across various populations, CKD is associated with an elevated risk of cancer incidence and cancer death compared with people without CKD, although the risks are cancer site-specific. Higher risk of cancer is detectable in mild CKD [estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) 60-89 mL/min/1.73 m2], although this risk is more obvious if sensitive markers of kidney disease are used, such as cystatin C. Independent of eGFR, albuminuria is associated with increased risk of site-specific cancer incidence and death. Here, we explore the potential mechanisms for the increased risk of cancer observed in CKD, including patient factors (shared risks such as cardiometabolic disease, obesity, smoking, diet, lifestyle and environment), disease (genetic, inflammatory and infective) and treatment factors. In particular, we discuss the ways in which renal adverse events associated with conventional chemotherapies and newer systemic anti-cancer therapies (including targeted and immunotherapies) may contribute to worse cancer outcomes in people with CKD. Finally, we review the potential benefits of acknowledging increased risk of cancer in risk prediction tools used for the management of CKD.
Squamous cell cancers comprise the most common type of human epithelial cancers. One subtype, esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), is an aggressive cancer with poor prognosis due to late diagnosis and metastasis. Factors derived from the extracellular matrix (ECM) create an environment conducive to tumor growth and invasion. Specialized cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) in the ECM influence tumorigenesis. We have shown previously that the nature and activation state of fibroblasts are critical in modulating the invasive ability of ESCC in an in vivo-like organotypic 3D cell culture, a form of human tissue engineering. Dramatic differences in invasion of transformed esophageal epithelial cells depended on the type of fibroblast in the matrix. We hypothesize that CAFs create an environment primed for growth and invasion through the secretion of factors. We find that fibroblast secretion of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) fosters the ability of transformed esophageal epithelial cells to invade into the ECM, although other unidentified factors may cooperate with HGF. Genetic modifications of both HGF in fibroblasts and its receptor Met in epithelial cells, along with pharmacologic inhibition of HGF and Met, underscore the importance of this pathway in ESCC invasion and progression. Furthermore, Met activation is increased upon combinatorial overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and p53(R175H), two common genetic mutations in ESCC. These results highlight the potential benefit of the therapeutic targeting of HGF/Met signaling in ESCC and potentially other squamous cancers where this pathway is deregulated.
Mutated KRAS (KRAS*) is a fundamental driver in the majority of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas (PDAC). Using an inducible mouse model of KRAS*-driven PDAC, we compared KRAS* genetic extinction with pharmacologic inhibition of MEK1 in tumor spheres and in vivo. KRAS* ablation blocked proliferation and induced apoptosis, whereas MEK1 inhibition exerted cytostatic effects. Proteomic analysis evidenced that MEK1 inhibition was accompanied by a sustained activation of the PI3K-AKT-MTOR pathway and by the activation of AXL, PDGFRa, and HER1-2 receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) expressed in a large proportion of human PDAC samples analyzed. Although single inhibition of each RTK alone or plus MEK1 inhibitors was ineffective, a combination of inhibitors targeting all three coactivated RTKs and MEK1 was needed to inhibit proliferation and induce apoptosis in both mouse and human low-passage PDAC cultures. Importantly, constitutive AKT activation, which may mimic the fraction of AKT2-amplified PDAC, was able to bypass the induction of apoptosis caused by KRAS* ablation, highlighting a potential inherent resistance mechanism that may inform the clinical application of MEK inhibitor therapy. This study suggests that combinatorial-targeted therapies for pancreatic cancer must be informed by the activation state of each putative driver in a given treatment context. In addition, our work may offer explanative and predictive power in understanding why inhibitors of EGFR signaling fail in PDAC treatment and how drug resistance mechanisms may arise in strategies to directly target KRAS.
We herein report a case of congestive heart failure which developed during osimertinib treatment. A 78-year-old woman presented with mild exertional dyspnea three weeks after starting osimertinib for the treatment of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M-positive non-small cell lung cancer. She was diagnosed with congestive heart failure caused by the osimertinib. In contrast to trastuzumab, a human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) monoclonal antibody that often causes cardiac dysfunction, the causal relationship between osimertinib and cardiotoxicity has so far received little attention and thus remains unclear. However, it inhibits HER2 in addition to mutant EGFR, thereby potentially causing cardiotoxicity.
Resistance to human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-targeted therapies in the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer is a major clinical problem. To identify pathways linked to resistance, we generated HER2-positive breast cancer cell lines which are resistant to either lapatinib or AZD8931, two pan-HER family kinase inhibitors. Resistance was HER2 independent and was associated with epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), resulting in increased proliferation and migration of the resistant cells. Using a global proteomics approach, we identified a novel set of EMT-associated proteins linked to HER2-independent resistance. We demonstrate that a subset of these EMT-associated genes is predictive of prognosis within the ERBB2 subtype of human breast cancers. Furthermore, targeting the EMT-associated kinases Src and Axl potently inhibited proliferation of the resistant cells, and inhibitors to these kinases may provide additional options for the treatment of HER2-independent resistance in tumors.
A bio-nanocapsule (BNC), a hollow particle composed of hepatitis B virus (HBV) surface antigen (HBsAg), and liposome (LP) conjugation method (BNC/LP) has been recently developed by Jung et al. (2008) . The BNC/LP complex carrier could successfully deliver fluorescence-labeled beads (100 nm) into liver cells. In this study, we report the promising delivery of proteins incorporated in the complex carriers, which were prepared by the BNC/LP conjugation method with specificity-altered BNC and composition-varied LPs. The specificity-altered BNC, Z(HER2)-BNC was developed by replacing the hepatocyte recognition site of BNC with Z(HER2) binding to HER2 receptor specifically. Using green fluorescent protein (GFP; 27 kDa) and cellular cytotoxic protein (exotoxin A; 66 kDa) for the delivery, we herein present the impact of different charges attributed to the composition of the LP on specific cell targeting and cellular uptake of the complex carriers. In addition, we demonstrate that the mixture prepared by mixing LPs with helper lipid possessing endosomal escaping ability boosts the functional expression of the cellular cytotoxic exotoxin A activity specifically. Finally, we further show the blending ratio of the LP mixture and Z(HER2)-BNC is a critical factor in determining the highly-efficient expression of the cytotoxic activity of exotoxin A.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, with 15%-25% of those tumours overexpressing the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (her2), which is associated with more aggressive disease. On rare occasions, patients present with a paraneoplastic syndrome months to years before their cancer diagnosis. Paraneoplastic cerebellar degeneration (pcd) is associated with fewer than 1% of cancers and is strongly associated with breast and gynecologic malignancies. Anti-Yo antibody is the antibody most frequently identified with the syndrome, and it is associated with a very poor prognosis. Recent studies have implicated a relationship between overexpression of her2 and anti-Yo-mediated pcd. Current pcd treatments include tumour removal, chemotherapy, targeted therapy, and immune-suppressive treatments. Outcomes of pcd are typically poor, and no guidelines for treatment currently exist. Early recognition followed by rapid initiation of treatment remains the cornerstone of therapy. Here, we present a case of anti-Yo-antibody pcd secondary to estrogen and progesterone receptor-negative, her2-positive breast cancer. Despite treatment with mastectomy, chemotherapy, and her2-targeted therapy, no significant neurologic improvement was achieved, and cerebellar cognitive affective syndrome subsequently developed.
In epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) epithelial cancer cells achieve mesenchymal features, essentially helping them to metastasize. There is some evidence that EMT could be increased in triple-negative (TNBC) or basal-like breast cancers, although more precise mechanisms considering e.g. EMT-regulating transcription factors are largely unknown. We assessed immunohistochemically vimentin (separately in in situ areas and in invasive cells) as an indicator of EMT, and also EMT-regulating transcription factors zeb1 (separately in stroma and tumour) and Sip1 (in nuclei and cytoplasm) in histological samples of 231 women with local or locally advanced invasive breast cancer. 51.1 % of patients had TNBC and 48.9 % oestrogen and progesterone receptor-positive and HER2 negative breast cancer. Basal-like breast cancers were defined as TNBC that also expressed epidermal growth factor receptor EGFR and/or cytokeratin 5/6. Vimentin expression in invasive cells was higher in TNBCs (p = 9 x 10(-12)) compared to non-TNBC tumours. Vimentin (p = 2 x 10(-6)), nuclear Sip1 (p = 0.035) and zeb1 in stroma (p = 0.013) were overexpressed in basal-like cancers compared to non-basal-like TNBCs. In non-TNBC group findings between studied markers and clinicopathological factors were rare. However, in TNBC cases, vimentin expression in invasive cells associated with poor differentiation (p = 0.00007), zeb1 expression in cancer cells with higher grade (p = 0.002), vascular invasion (p = 0.036) and larger T-class (p = 0.027), whereas stromal zeb1 associated with lymphatic vessel invasion (p = 0.036) and vascular invasion (p = 0.039). High nuclear Sip1 expression was prognostic for poor disease-free survival (p = 0.002) in the whole cohort. The current results emphasize the increased role of EMT in TNBC and especially in basal-like breast cancers. These observations also support the role of studied parameters in tumour progression.
BACKGROUND: Eps15 is an endocytic adaptor protein that stimulates clathrin-mediated endocytosis. Among other interactions, Eps15 binds ubiquitin via UIM domains, recruiting ubiquitinated cargo into clathrin-coated vesicles. In EGF-treated cells, Eps15 also localizes to endosomes. The basis of this localization is not known. RESULTS: We show that accumulation of ubiquitinated cargo can recruit Eps15 to endosomes via UIM domain interactions. First, treatment of SK-Br-3 breast cancer cells, which overexpress the EGFR family member ErbB2, with geldanamycin to promote receptor ubiquitination and endosomal transport, recruited FLAG-Eps15 to endosomes. Two in-frame ubiquitin constructs, PM-GFP-Ub (retained in endosomes after endocytosis), and GFP-FYVE-UbDeltaGG (targeted directly to endosomes) also recruited Eps15 to endosomes, as did slowing endosome maturation with constitutively-active Rab5-Q79L. Endosomal recruitment required the UIM domains, but not the N-terminal EH domains or central coiled-coil domains, of Eps15. Silencing of the endosomal Eps15 binding partner Hrs did not affect recruitment of Eps15 to ubiquitin-enriched endosomes. In fact, Hrs silencing itself modestly recruited Eps15 to endosomes, probably by accumulating endogenous ubiquitinated cargo. Eps15 silencing did not affect lysosomal degradation of ubiquitinated ErbB2; however, GFP-FYVE-UbDeltaGG overexpression inhibited internalization of EGFR and transferrin receptor. CONCLUSIONS: We show for the first time that ubiquitin is sufficient for Eps15 recruitment to endosomes. We speculate that Eps15 recruitment to ubiquitin-rich endosomes may reduce the level of Eps15 at the plasma membrane, slowing endocytosis to allow time for processing of ubiquitinated cargo in endosomes.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-activating mutations in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are molecular targets for treatment with gefitinib and erlotinib, often resulting in improved response and prolonged progression-free survival. Resistance to these drugs, which develops during treatment, is a problem of paramount importance. Several mechanisms of "acquired resistance" have been discovered and treatments for this specific entity are on the horizon.
Background In accordance with  section sign 35a Social Code Book (SGB) V, the Federal Joint Committee (G-BA) commissioned the Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care (IQWiG) to assess the benefit of the drug regorafenib. The assessment was based on a dossier compiled by the pharmaceutical company (hereinafter referred to as "the company"). The dossier was sent to IQWiG on 1 October 2015. The company submitted a first dossier of the drug to be evaluated on 1 October 2013 for the early benefit assessment. In this procedure, by decision of 20 March 2014, the G-BA limited its decision until 1 October 2015. Research question The aim of this report was to assess the added benefit of regorafenib compared with best supportive care (BSC) as appropriate comparator therapy (ACT) in adult patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC) who have been previously treated with, or are not considered candidates for, available therapies (therapies included: fluoropyrimidine-based chemotherapy, anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) therapy, and, anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) therapy). The G-BA specified BSC as ACT. BSC means the best possible supportive therapy, optimized for the individual patient, for alleviation of symptoms and improvement in the quality of life. The company used the ACT specified by the G-BA. The assessment was conducted based on patient-relevant outcomes and on the data provided by the company in the dossier. Only direct comparative randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the analysis.
BACKGROUND: Basal-like breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease characterized by the expression of basal cell markers, no estrogen or progesterone receptor expression and a lack of HER2 overexpression. Recent studies have linked activation of the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway, and its downstream target, Myc, to basal-like breast cancer. Transgenic mice K5DeltaNbetacat previously generated by our team present a constitutive activation of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling in the basal myoepithelial cell layer, resulting in focal mammary hyperplasias that progress to invasive carcinomas. Mammary lesions developed by K5DeltaNbetacat mice consist essentially of basal epithelial cells that, in contrast to mammary myoepithelium, do not express smooth muscle markers. METHODS: Microarray analysis was used to compare K5DeltaNbetacat mouse tumors to human breast tumors, mammary cancer cell lines and the tumors developed in other mouse models. Cre-Lox approach was employed to delete Myc from the mammary basal cell layer of K5DeltaNbetacat mice. Stem cell amplification in K5DeltaNbetacat mouse mammary epithelium was assessed with 3D-culture and transplantation assays. RESULTS: Histological and microarray analyses of the mammary lesions of K5DeltaNbetacat females revealed their high similarity to a subset of basal-like human breast tumors with squamous differentiation. As in human basal-like carcinomas, the Myc pathway appeared to be activated in the mammary lesions of K5DeltaNbetacat mice. We found that a basal cell population with stem/progenitor characteristics was amplified in K5DeltaNbetacat mouse preneoplastic glands. Finally, the deletion of Myc from the mammary basal layer of K5DeltaNbetacat mice not only abolished the regenerative capacity of basal epithelial cells, but, in addition, completely prevented the tumorigenesis. CONCLUSIONS: These results strongly indicate that beta-catenin-induced stem cell amplification and tumorigenesis rely ultimately on the Myc pathway activation and reinforce the hypothesis that basal stem/progenitor cells may be at the origin of a subset of basal-like breast tumors.
In patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations have been associated with the tumor response to targeted therapy with EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Although labor intensive and not very sensitive (ie, an analytical sensitivity of 20%), direct sequencing is widely used for mutation detection. This study aimed at evaluating the potential of a test strip-based reverse-hybridization assay (EGFR StripAssay), designed for the simultaneous detection of 16 mutations in exons 18 to 21 of the EGFR gene, to sensitively identify EGFR mutation in DNA from NSCLC tissue samples. Formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) DNA samples from 59 patients with a histologically confirmed primary NSCLC tumor were used to compare the performance of the EGFR StripAssay against that of the Sanger sequencing. The EGFR StripAssay analysis identified 7 (11.8%) of 59 FFPE samples to carry an EGFR mutation, of which 4 (57.1%) and 3 (42.8%) samples were positive for exon 19 and 21 mutations, respectively. Of note, no sample was identified with EGFR exon 18 or 20 mutation. All mutations were confirmed by DNA sequencing. Using 50 ng of template DNA, the EGFR StripAssay demonstrated a detection limit of 1% mutant sequence in a background of normal DNA. The EGFR StripAssay is a fast and robust platform for the sensitive detection of EGFR mutation in FFPE DNA. Therefore, this assay could be considered as an alternative protocol to Sanger sequencing for EGFR mutation testing on limited-quantity samples.
BACKGROUND: In nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the development and clinical application of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has required the investigation of EGFR status by gene copy number and/or mutation analysis. This review aimed to present the current knowledge of the use of cytological specimens for EGFR testing in lung cancer. METHODS: A systematic computerized search was performed of the MEDLINE(R) and EMBASE databases to identify articles reporting the use of cytological samples for determining EGFR status in NSCLC. RESULTS: Data were extracted from 30 original articles. An additional 19 reviews, consensus statements, and editorials were selected from 175 retrieved papers. Different techniques using cell blocks, scraped cells from archival slides, and fresh cells have shown promising results and include fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH), direct sequencing, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR), with similar or higher accuracy and sensitivity than surgical specimens. Preservation and quality of the extracted DNA seem to matter more than the actual number of tumor cells present in the samples. However, major issues still reside in the amount of material, the interference from background non-neoplastic cells, and standardization of parameters for cytological samples. CONCLUSIONS: This analysis provided evidence that cytological material is suitable for detecting EGFR status using several different methodologies and preparations. New prospective, clinical studies are encouraged for collection and handling of cytological samples as well as for validation of novel techniques in large cohorts.
Near-infrared photoimmunotherapy (NIR-PIT) is a novel form of cancer treatment using conjugates of antibody against overexpressed antigens in cancers and photoabsorber IRDye700DX. HER2 is overexpressed in various cancers, for which molecular targeted therapy such as trastuzumab has been developed. The present study investigated the efficacy potential of HER2-targeted NIR-PIT using trastuzumab-IRDye700DX conjugate (Tra-IR700) in HER2-positive breast cancer. We first examined the reactivity of Tra-IR700 and the cytotoxicity of NIR-PIT in vitro. HER2-positive BT-474 and SK-BR-3 cells and HER2-negative BT-20 cells were used. Tra-IR700 fluorescence was only observed in HER2-positive breast cancer cell lines, and the fluorescence was localized to the cell surface. Furthermore, HER2-positive breast cancer cell lines treated with NIR-PIT showed swelling and blebbing shortly after irradiation, and eventually increased PI-positive dead cells. Next, tumor accumulation of Tra-IR700 and tumor damage by NIR-PIT were examined in vivo. Tra-IR700 was administered intravenously to a xenograft model in which BT-474 cells were implanted subcutaneously in BALB/c nude mice. Tra-IR700 fluorescence was the highest in tumor tissue 1 day after administration, and the fluorescence was localized to the cell membrane of tumor cells. At this time point, NIR-PIT resulted in diffuse necrosis of tumor tissues 1 day after irradiation. These results suggest that NIR-PIT with Tra-IR700 induces a highly selective therapeutic effect in a HER2-positive breast cancer model. NIR-PIT using Tra-IR700 is expected to be a novel treatment for HER2-positive cancers, including breast cancer.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this article is to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of abemaciclib plus endocrine therapy (ABE + ET) vs. ET as adjuvant treatment for high-risk hormone receptor-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HR+/HER2-) early breast cancer in China. METHODS: From the perspective of the Chinese health care system, a 5-state Markov model was developed with a lifetime horizon. Data of the monarchE phase III clinical trial were used to model the invasive disease-free survival (iDFS) and standard parameters models were used for data extrapolation. Costs were obtained from national data sources, expert opinions and published literature using 2023 US dollars and discounted by 5%. The results were evaluated in terms of life-years (LYs) and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). Sensitivity analyses and scenario analyses were performed to test the robustness of the basic results. RESULTS: In the base-case analysis result, the model projected improved outcomes (by 0.65 LYs and 0.72 QALYs) and increased costs (by $16,057.72) for incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) of $24,841/LY and $22,385/QALY for ABE + ET vs. ET patients. The results in scenario analysis estimated the ICERs of ABE + ET treatment to be $16,959/LY and $15,264/QALY in a mixture cure model, and $13,560/LY and $12,191/QALY in a non-mixture cure model. The model was sensitive to outcome discount rate and utility of iDFS. CONCLUSION: ABE + ET might not have an economic advantage over ET at a willingness-to-pay (WTP) threshold of one time the per capita GDP in China, but was expected to be more cost-effective at a WTP threshold of three times the per capita GDP. Further analysis will be conducted once data from longer-term studies become available.
In this phase I study, the safety, pharmacokinetics, and antitumour activity of the HER2-targeted antibody-drug conjugate A166 were evaluated in patients with HER2-expressing advanced solid tumours. Patients with advanced solid tumours refractory to standard therapies received A166 at doses of 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, 1.2, 2.4, 3.6, 4.8 or 6.0 mg/kg Q3W in a standard "3 + 3" design. Dose cohorts were expanded at 4.8 and 6.0 mg/kg Q3W. Primary endpoints were assessment of the safety and tolerability of A166 and identification of the maximum tolerated dose or recommended phase II dose. In total, 81 patients were enroled and received A166 (n = 1 for 0.1 mg/kg; n = 3 for each of 0.3, 0.6, 1.2, 2.4 and 3.6 mg/kg doses; n = 27 for 4.8 mg/kg; n = 38 for 6.0 mg/kg). No dose-limiting toxicity or drug-related deaths occurred. The most common treatment-related adverse events at grade 3 or higher were corneal epitheliopathy (30.9%), blurred vision (18.5%), dry eyes (7.4%), and peripheral sensory neuropathy (6.2%). The C(max) and area under the curve of Duo-5, its free payload, were approximately 0.1% and 0.2% of those of the ADC, respectively. For all assessable HER2-positive breast cancer patients enroled in the 4.8 mg/kg and 6.0 mg/kg cohorts, the corresponding ORRs were 73.9% (17/23) and 68.6% (24/35), respectively, and the median PFS was 12.3 and 9.4 months, respectively. A166 has a recommended phase II dose of 4.8 mg/kg Q3W, manageable toxicity, good stability in the circulation and promising antitumour activities in HER2-positive breast cancer patients.
Background: Breast cancer bone metastasis (BCBM)-specific genes have been reported without considering biological differences based on estrogen receptor (ER) status. The aims of this study were to identify BCBM-specific genes using our patient dataset and validate previously reported BCBM-specific genes, and to determine whether ER-status-related biological differences matter in identification of BCBM-specific genes. Methods: We used Affymetrix GeneChips to analyze 365 primary human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative invasive breast cancer specimens. Genes that were differentially expressed between patients who developed bone metastasis and those who developed non-bone metastasis were identified using Cox proportional hazards model, and differential expression of gene sets was assessed using gene set analysis. We performed gene set analysis to determine whether biological function associated with bone metastasis were different by ER status using 2,246 functionally annotated gene sets assembled from Gene Ontology data base. Results: Among 16,712 probe sets, 592 were overexpressed in the bone metastasis cohort compared to the non-bone-metastasis cohort (false discovery rate </= 0.05). However, no BCBM-specific genes met our significance tests when the cancers were stratified by ER status. In ER-positive and ER-negative breast cancers, 151 and 125 gene sets, respectively, were overexpressed for BCBM and the majority of BCBM-related pathways were different. Of significant gene sets, only 13 gene sets were overlapped between ER-positive and -negative cohorts. Conclusion: ER-positive and ER-negative breast cancers have different biological pathways in BCBM development. We have yet to explore BCBM-related biomarkers and targets considering the biological features associated with BCBM depending on the ER status.
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is a 53-amino-acid cytokine (6.2 kDa) secreted by ectodermic cells, monocytes, kidneys, and duodenal glands (1). EGF stimulates growth of epidermal and epithelial cells. EGF and at least seven other growth factors and their transmembrane receptor kinases play important roles in cell proliferation, survival, adhesion, migration, and differentiation. The EGF receptor (EGFR) family consists of four transmembrane receptors, including EGFR (HER1/erbB-1), HER2 (erbB-2/neu), HER3 (erbB-3), and HER4 (erbB-4) (2). HER1, HER3, and HER4 comprise three major functional domains: an extracellular ligand-binding domain, a hydrophobic transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain (2, 3). EGFR, which is overexpressed in many malignant epithelial tumors, contributes to gene amplification, which is believed to introduce mutations in the receptor (4). The overexpression, amplification, and/or mutation of EGFR can lead to the development of cancer. The most common mutation observed in the receptor is the deletion of a segment (amino acid residues 6-273 of the EGFR extracellular domain), including the ligand-binding region, which results in the generation of a variant known as constitutively activated variant III EGFR (EGFRvIII) (5). Although EGFRvIII is nonresponsive to EGF, it remains a constantly operating downstream tyrosine kinase signaling pathway that appears to promote the development of a neoplastic phenotype, particularly for glioblastoma and to some extent for other cancers such as those of the prostate and the breast (6). EGFRvIII has not been identified in normal tissues. Monoclonal antibody (mAb) 806 and chimeric antibody ch806 (7, 8), which specifically target EGFRvIII, were radiolabeled for imaging EGFRvIII expression in tumors. However, the pharmacokinetics of the intact radiolabeled mAb, with high liver uptake and slow blood elimination, are generally not ideal for imaging because of poor tissue and tumor penetration (9). Smaller antibody fragments and peptides have better imaging pharmacokinetics because they are rapidly excreted by the kidneys. Denholt et al. (10) identified an EGFRvIII-targeting peptide, H-Phe-Ala-Leu-Gly-Glu-Ala-NH(2) (H-FALGEA-NH(2)) using a Positional Scanning Synthetic Combinatorial Library. H-FALGEA-NH(2) was labeled with 4-[(18)F]fluorobenzoic acid ([(18)F]FBA) to form [(18)F]FBA-FALGEA-NH(2) (11). [(18)F]FBA-FALGEA-NH(2) has been evaluated for imaging of EGFRvIII expression in human glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) tumors in nude mice using positron emission tomography (PET).
Ion channels, as functional molecules that regulate the flow of ions across cell membranes, have emerged as a promising target in cancer therapy due to their pivotal roles in cell proliferation, metastasis, apoptosis, drug resistance, and so on. Recently, increasing evidence suggests that dysregulation of ion channels is a common characteristic of cancer cells, contributing to their survival and the resistance to conventional therapies. For example, the aberrant expression of sodium (Na(+)) and potassium ion (K(+)) channels is significantly correlated with the sensitivity of chemotherapy drugs. The endogenous calcium (Ca(2+)) channels contribute to the acquired resistance of osimertinib in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant non-small cell lung cancer cell lines. Ferrous ions (Fe(2+)) enhance the sensitivity of breast cancer cells to doxorubicin treatment. Preclinical models have also demonstrated the effect of specific ion channel blockers or modulators on anticancer drug resistance. This review describes the current understanding about the interaction between ion channels and the therapeutic efficacy of anticancer drugs. Then, the therapeutic potential of ion channel blockers or modulators in enhancing the sensitivity or overcoming the resistance of cancer cells to anticancer therapies is discussed. Targeting ion channels will hopefully offer a novel and promising strategy for overcoming cancer drug resistance.
AIMS: The purpose was to analyse the characteristics, treatment, recurrences and survival of very young women with breast cancer. METHODS: 212 female breast cancer patients </=35 years old were treated during 1997-2007. The median follow-up time was 78 months. RESULTS: 117 patients had lymph node metastases and 14 distant metastases at diagnosis. 81 (38%) tumours were hormone receptor negative and 130 (65%) grade 3. HER2 positivity was seen in 47 (34%) and triple negativity in 35 (26%) of the 137 tumours with known HER2 status. 140 women were treated with mastectomy and 68 with breast conserving surgery. 163 patients received postoperative radiotherapy, 175 adjuvant chemotherapy, 95 endocrine therapy and 18 trastuzumab. 63 patients experienced a recurrence, of which 20 had only a locoregional recurrence. 10 (15%) of the women with breast conserving surgery experienced ipsilateral breast tumour recurrence while ipsilateral thoracic wall recurrence was seen in 8 patients (6%) after mastectomy. Seven of these eight patients did not receive postmastectomy radiotherapy. DFI was shorter in patients with hormone receptor positive tumours. At the end of follow-up 44 women had died. The 5-year OS was 80%. CONCLUSIONS: The 5-year OS for young women has become better but is still lower than for all breast cancer patients. DFI was shorter in patients with hormone receptor positive disease. Locoregional recurrences were seen more often after breast conserving surgery.
Since 2004, the clinical impact of monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) on patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC) has been clearly established. The combination of these biological agents with conventional chemotherapy has led to a significant improvement in response rate, progression-free survival and overall survival in first-line as well as in second- or third-line treatment of MCRC. However, the high variability of response and outcome in MCRC patients treated with these anti-EGFR mAbs has highlighted the need of identifying clinical and/or molecular predictive markers to ensure appropriate use of targeted therapies. The presence of somatic KRAS mutations has been clearly identified as a predictive marker of resistance to anti-EGFR in MCRC, and the use of anti-EGFR mAbs is now restricted to patients with no detectable KRAS mutation. Several studies have indicated that amplification of EGFR, overexpression of the EGFR ligands and inactivation of the anti-oncogene TP53 are associated with sensitivity to anti-EGFR mAbs, whereas mutations of BRAF and PIK3CA and loss of PTEN expression are associated with resistance. Besides these somatic variations, germline polymorphisms such as those affecting genes involved in the EGFR pathway or within the immunoglobulin receptors may also modulate response to anti-EGFR mAbs. Until now, all these markers are not completely validated and only KRAS genotyping is mandatory in routine practice for use of the anti-EGFR mAbs in MCRC.
Neoadjuvant endocrine treatment (NET) associates to satisfactory rates of breast conservative surgery and conversions from inoperable to operable hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/HER2-negative breast cancer (BC), with less toxicities than neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) and similar outcomes. Hence, it has been proposed as a logical alternative to NACT in patients with HR+/HER2- BC candidate to a neoadjuvant approach. Nevertheless, potential barriers to the widespread use of NET include the heterogeneous nature of patient response coupled with the long duration needed to achieve a clinical response. However, interest in NET has significantly increased in the last decade, owing to more in-depth investigation of several biomarkers for a more adequate patient selection and on-treatment benefit monitoring, such as PEPI score, Ki67 and genomic assays. This review is intended to describe the state-of-the-art regarding NET, its future perspectives and potential integration with molecular biomarkers for the optimal selection of patients, regimen and duration of (neo)adjuvant treatments.
BACKGROUND: Plant biotechnology provides a valuable contribution to global health, in part because it can decrease the cost of pharmaceutical products. Breast cancer can now be successfully treated by a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb), trastuzumab (Herceptin). A course of treatment, however, is expensive and requires repeated administrations of the mAb. Here we used an Agrobacterium-mediated transient expression system to produce trastuzumab in plant cells. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We describe the cloning and expression of gene constructs in Nicotiana benthamiana plants using intron-optimized Tobacco mosaic virus- and Potato virus X-based vectors encoding, respectively, the heavy and light chains of trastuzumab. Full-size antibodies extracted and purified from plant tissues were tested for functionality and specificity by (i) binding to HER2/neu on the surface of a human mammary gland adenocarcinoma cell line, SK-BR-3, in fluorescence-activated cell sorting assay and (ii) testing the in vitro and in vivo inhibition of HER-2-expressing cancer cell proliferation. We show that plant-made trastuzumab (PMT) bound to the Her2/neu oncoprotein of SK-BR-3 cells and efficiently inhibited SK-BR-3 cell proliferation. Furthermore, mouse intraperitoneal PMT administration retarded the growth of xenografted tumors derived from human ovarian cancer SKOV3 Her2+ cells. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: We conclude that PMT is active in suppression of cell proliferation and tumor growth.
An innovative electrochemical biosensor was fabricated for sensitive detection of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) protein, which was considered as an essential tumor marker for diagnosis and treatment evaluation of breast cancer. The sensor was constructed using Apt and PNA as recognition probes incorporated with magnetic Fe(3)O(4)/alpha-Fe(2)O(3)@Au nanocomposites. The sensing strategy was designed to lower the detection limit of HER2, and avoid the large steric interference caused by macromolecular HER2 on the electrode surface. Rigid structure dsDNA (Apt/ssDNA) was designed to improve the sensitivity of the sensor. Apt captured the macromolecular HER2 protein, and ssDNA chains were simultaneously released, causing a sensitive change in the electrochemical signal. PNA captured the released ssDNA chains, which converted the electrochemical signal changes caused by HER2 to those caused by the number of short strand ssDNA, so the detection range was extended. Under optimized conditions, this sensing strategy realized an ultra-low detection LOD of HER2 (4.1 fg.mL(-1)), and the detection range was 10 fg.mL(-1)-5 x 10(6) fg.mL(-1). The experimental results confirmed that the electrochemical biosensor had excellent selectivity, reproducibility, and storage stability. Analysis of spiked serum samples exhibited a recovery rate of 95.9-115.7 %, which indicated great promise for HER2 detection in serum samples.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women. Beaumont Hospital is a nationally designated symptomatic breast cancer unit, independent of the national screening programme, BreastCheck. AIMS: We hypothesised that patients attending symptomatic breast cancer units differ from national registry data and aimed to characterise this in a retrospective study. METHODS: A prospective database of patients diagnosed with breast cancer was maintained between 2014 and 2017. Multiple patient and tumour demographics were analysed retrospectively and compared with data from the National Cancer Registry. RESULTS: In total, 944 patients were diagnosed with breast cancer, 379 (40%) were aged < 50, 206 (22%) 50-64, 208 (22%) 65-75 and 151 (16%) > 75 years respectively. Expectedly, older patients (>/= 65 years) had a higher proportion of oestrogen receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer (72%). Triple negative breast cancer was relatively more common (17%) among younger patients. These patients received more intensive chemotherapy: 118 (64%) received combination anthracycline-taxane chemotherapy, in comparison with only 14 (21%) of older patients. Patients generally presented at a later stage compared with national registry data: stage II 491 (52%) and stage III 179 (19%) versus stage II (50%) and stage III (13%). CONCLUSION: Patients attending the symptomatic breast cancer unit Beaumont Hospital have different demographics compared with the national registry data. This presents particular challenges for management.
ERBB3/HER3 is the most intriguing RTK by virtue of its ability to transduce multiple cytosolic signals for the proliferation and growth of tumor cells in spite of being a "kinase dead" receptor that binds to its true ligand, heregulin. Although other members of the HER3 family like EGFR and HER2 have long been recognized to be associated with breast tumorigenesis and studied because of their predictive and prognostic value, the significance of HER3 as an irrefutable component of HER family signalosome is a relatively new development. The recent understanding of signals originating from the oncogenic partnership of HER3 with HER2 in the context of HER2 amplification/overexpression showed the critical clinical value for the treatment of HER2+BC. The downstream signaling cascade (included but not limited to the PI3K signaling) associated with signals originating from HER2:HER3 dimers play a vital role in the tumorigenesis, drug-resistance and tumor progression of HER2+BC. The upregulation of HER3 activity provides an alternate "escape route" via which tumor cells bypass either the inhibition of the HER family RTKs or the inhibition of the downstream PI3K-AKT-mTOR signaling pathway. By understanding the signaling that provides this "escape route" for these tumor cells treated with a targeted therapy (HER2 inhibitors or inhibitors of downstream PI3K-AKT-mTOR signaling pathway), we are just beginning to appreciate the prognostic value of HER3 in breast cancer. In this review, we will discuss the relevance of HER3 signaling in the context of, (1) downstream oncogenic signals and (2) therapeutic options in HER2 amplified BC.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the potential of HS-10182, a second-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI), as a radiosensitizer in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: Two cell lines of NSCLCs, A549 that possesses wild-type (WT) EGFRs and H1975 that possesses EGFR L858R/T790M double mutations, were treated with HS-10182 at various concentrations, and cell viabilities were determined using the MTS assay. The cells were tested by clonogenic survival assays to identify the radiosensitivity of both groups. Western blot was performed to analyze the expression of phosphorylated EGFR, AKT, DNA-dependent protein kinase, and catalytic subunit (DNA-PKcs) proteins. Immunofluorescence analyses were performed to examine the formation and changes in nuclear gamma-H2AX foci. Cell apoptosis was examined by flow cytometry and Western blots for cleaved caspase-3, -8, -9, and cleaved poly ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP). Furthermore, we established xenograft models in mice and the effects of different treatments on tumor growth were then assessed. RESULTS: Clonogenic survival assays revealed that HS-10182 significantly enhanced the radiosensitivity of H1975 cells but not A549 cells [dose enhancement ratios (DERs)=2.36 (P < 0.05) vs. 1.43 (P > 0.05)]. Western blot results showed that HS-10182 increased the levels of cleaved caspase-3, -8, -9, and cleaved PARP in H1975 cells but not in A549 cells. In addition, flow cytometry analysis showed that HS-10182 enhanced irradiation-induced apoptosis in H1975. Immunofluorescence results found that HS-10182 increased the average number of gamma-H2AX foci after irradiation in H1975 cells, but not in A549 cells. Combined radiation and HS-10182 treatment increased the expression of DNA-PKcs but this increase was more significant in H1975 cells than in A549 cells. Moreover, HS-10182 suppressed the increased expression of Rad50 in H1975 cells in response to irradiation. In vivo experiments found that the combined therapy significantly inhibited tumor growth. CONCLUSIONS: HS-10182 enhances the radiosensitivity of H1975 cells which is possibly because that HS-10182 could enhance irradiation-induced apoptosis, increase irradiation-induced DNA damage, and cause a delay in DNA damage repair. Our findings suggest that radiotherapy combined HS-10182 is a novel treatment for lung cancer cells which have acquired the T790M mutation. HS-10182 could be brought to the clinic as a radiosensitizer in NSCLCs with the EGFR T790M mutation.
Pertuzumab is a targeted therapy drug that is employed in the management of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer and works by blocking the ability of cancer cells to receive growth and proliferation signals. Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a severe cutaneous manifestation characterized by widespread erythema, necrosis, and bullous detachment of the skin involving more than 10% of the body surface area (BSA) and may be precipitated by an immunologic response to the administration of certain medications. However, TEN development as a consequence of HER2 inhibitor therapy has not been described in the existing literature. A 44-year-old female with a history of metastatic breast cancer to the liver presented with a diffuse blistering rash following a first-time administration of pertuzumab three days prior. Her rash began as painful and pruritic blisters 12 hours after the last infusion of pertuzumab and progressed to involve her arms, chest, groin, and thighs with a positive Nikolsky sign. She was managed supportively with high-dose steroids and antihistamines, and although her hospital course was complicated by hypotension requiring pressor support, she gradually made a full recovery and was released to a rehabilitation facility.
BACKGROUND: Inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) is a poorly characterized form of breast cancer. So far, the results of expression profiling in IBC are inconclusive due to various reasons including limited sample size. Here, we present the integration of three Affymetrix expression datasets collected through the World IBC Consortium allowing us to interrogate the molecular profile of IBC using the largest series of IBC samples ever reported. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Affymetrix profiles (HGU133-series) from 137 patients with IBC and 252 patients with non-IBC (nIBC) were analyzed using unsupervised and supervised techniques. Samples were classified according to the molecular subtypes using the PAM50-algorithm. Regression models were used to delineate IBC-specific and molecular subtype-independent changes in gene expression, pathway, and transcription factor activation. RESULTS: Four robust IBC-sample clusters were identified, associated with the different molecular subtypes (P<0.001), all of which were identified in IBC with a similar prevalence as in nIBC, except for the luminal A subtype (19% vs. 42%; P<0.001) and the HER2-enriched subtype (22% vs. 9%; P<0.001). Supervised analysis identified and validated an IBC-specific, molecular subtype-independent 79-gene signature, which held independent prognostic value in a series of 871 nIBCs. Functional analysis revealed attenuated TGF-beta signaling in IBC. CONCLUSION: We show that IBC is transcriptionally heterogeneous and that all molecular subtypes described in nIBC are detectable in IBC, albeit with a different frequency. The molecular profile of IBC, bearing molecular traits of aggressive breast tumor biology, shows attenuation of TGF-beta signaling, potentially explaining the metastatic potential of IBC tumor cells in an unexpected manner.
AIMS: Src homology phosphotyrosyl phosphatase-2 (SHP2) is a ubiquitously expressed phosphatase that plays an essential role in the downstream signalling pathways of multiple growth factor receptors, thus representing a potential target for cancer therapy. Recent studies suggest that SHP2 contributes to tumour initiation, progression and metastasis in breast cancer, yet the impact of SHP2 expression on prognosis in human breast cancer has not been evaluated. METHODS AND RESULTS: To explore further the role of SHP2 in breast cancer, we conducted an immunohistochemical study using a tissue microarray encompassing 1401 formalin-fixed breast cancer specimens with detailed clinical annotation and outcome data. Of 1401 evaluable breast cancers, 651 (46%) were positive for SHP2. SHP2 expression was associated positively with tumour grade, lymph node status and tumour stage. In univariate survival analysis, cases with SHP2 expression had a significantly worse overall survival (OS). In multivariate analysis, SHP2 remained an independent negative prognostic factor for OS. SHP2 expression was a negative prognostic factor for OS in the luminal A and the luminal B HER2(-) intrinsic subtypes. CONCLUSIONS: Our data demonstrate for the first time that SHP2 is an independent predictor of survival in breast cancer, suggesting that SHP2 may be a potential target for therapy.
The role of the ErbB3 receptor in signal transduction is to augment the signaling repertoire of active heterodimeric ErbB receptor complexes through activating the PI3K/AKT pathway, which in turn promotes survival and proliferation. ErbB3 has recently been proposed to be involved in acquired resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), and is therefore a promising new drug cancer target. Since ErbB3 is a kinase defective receptor, it cannot be targeted by small molecule inhibitors, whereas monoclonal antibodies may offer a viable strategy for pharmacological intervention. In this study, we have utilized DNA electroporation (DNA-EP) to generate a set of novel hybridomas directed against human ErbB3, which have been characterized for their biochemical and functional properties and selected for their ability to negatively regulate the ErbB3-mediated signaling pathway. In vitro, the anti-ErbB3 antibodies modulate the growth rate of cancer cells of different origins. In vivo they show antitumoral properties in a xenograft model of human pancreatic tumor and in the ErbB2-driven carcinogenesis genetically engineered mouse model (GEMM) for mammary tumor, the BALB/neuT. Our data confirm that downregulating the ErbB3-mediated signals with the use of anti-ErbB3 monoclonal antibodies is both feasible and relevant for therapeutic purposes and provides new opportunities for novel anti-ErbB3 combinatory strategies for cancer treatment.
Before 2009, nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) was one disease entity treated by cytotoxic chemotherapy that provided a response rate of 20-35 % and a median survival time (MST) of 10-12 months. In 2004, it was found that activated mutations of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene were present in a subset of NSCLC and that tumors with EGFR mutations were highly sensitive to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI). Four phase III studies (North East Japan (NEJ) 002, West Japan Thoracic Oncology Group (WJTOG) 3405, OPTIMAL, and EUROTAC) prospectively compared TKI (gefitinib or erlotinib) with cytotoxic chemotherapy as first-line therapy in EGFR-mutated NSCLC. These studies confirmed that progression-free survival (PFS) with TKIs (as the primary endpoint) was significantly longer than that with standard chemotherapy (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.16-0.49) from 2009 to 2011. Although the NEJ 002 study showed identical overall survival (OS) between the arms (HR = 0.89), quality of life (QoL) was maintained much longer in patients treated with gefitinib. In conclusion, TKI should be considered as the standard first-line therapy in advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC. Since 2009, a new step has been introduced in the treatment algorithm for advanced NSCLC.
Heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) inhibitors are considered as new radiosensitizing agents. PU-H71, a novel HSP90 inhibitor, is under evaluation for the treatment of advanced cancer. It is however not known whether PU-H71 alters radiosensitivity of metastatic breast cancer. Hence, we here evaluated mechanisms of possible anti-tumoral and radiosensitizing effects of PU-H71 on breast carcinoma cells metastasized to vital organs such as the liver and brain. The effect of PU-H71 on proliferation of breast carcinoma cells was determined using 4T1 cells and its brain (4TBM), liver (4TLM), and heart (4THM) metastatic subsets as well as non-metastatic 67NR cells. Changes in radiation sensitivity were determined by clonogenic assays. Changes in client proteins and levels of angiogenic and inflammatory mediators from these cancer cell cultures and ex vivo cultures were detected. PU-H71 alone inhibited ERK1/2, p38, and Akt activation and reduced N-cadherin and HER2 which further documented the anti-tumoral effects of PU-H71. The combination of PU-H71 and radiotherapy induced cytotoxic effect than PU-H71 alone, and PU-H71 showed a radiosensitizing effect in vitro. On the other hand, PU-H71 and radiation co-treatment increased p38 phosphorylation which is one of the hallmarks of inflammatory response. Accordingly, IL-6 secretion was increased following PU-H71 and radiotherapy co-treatment ex vivo. Levels of angiogenic and inflammatory factors such as MIP-2, SDF-1, and VEGF were increased under in vitro conditions but not under ex vivo conditions. These results demonstrated for the first time that PU-H71 enhances therapeutic effects of radiotherapy especially in highly metastatic breast carcinoma but a possible increase in inflammatory response should also be considered.
The rise of machine learning (ML) has recently buttressed the efforts for big data-driven precision oncology. This study used ensemble ML for precision oncology in breast cancer, which is one of the most common malignancies worldwide with marked heterogeneity of the underlying molecular mechanisms. We analyzed clinical and RNA-seq data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) (844 patients with breast cancer and 113 healthy individuals) and the Molecular Taxonomy of Breast Cancer International Consortium (METABRIC) (1784 patients with breast cancer and 202 healthy individuals). We evaluated six algorithms in the context of ensemble modeling and identified a candidate mRNA diagnostic panel that can differentiate patients from healthy controls, and stratify breast cancer into molecular subtypes. The ensemble model included 50 mRNAs and displayed 82.55% accuracy, 79.22% specificity, and 84.55% sensitivity in stratifying patients into molecular subtypes in TCGA cohort. Its performance was markedly higher, however, in distinguishing the basal, LumB, and Her2+ breast cancer subtypes from healthy individuals. In overall survival analysis, the mRNA panel showed a hazard ratio of 2.25 (p = 5 x 10(-7)) for breast cancer and was significantly associated with molecular pathways related to carcinogenesis. In conclusion, an ensemble ML approach, including 50 mRNAs, was able to stratify patients with different breast cancer subtypes and differentiate them from healthy individuals. Future prospective studies in large samples with deep phenotyping can help advance the ensemble ML approaches in breast cancer. Advanced ML methods such as ensemble learning are timely additions to the precision oncology research toolbox.
The last two decades have witnessed an extraordinary evolution of automation and artificial intelligence (AI), which has become an integral part of our daily lives. Lately, AI has also been assimilated in the field of medicine to upgrade overall healthcare system and encourage personalized treatment. Theranostics literally meaning combination of diagnosis and therapeutics, is a targeted pharmacotherapy, based on specific targeted diagnostic tests. Numerous theranostic agents/biomarkers are available which can identify the most beneficial treatment, correct dose or predict response to a medicine, thus, maximizing drug efficacy, minimizing toxicity and providing informed treatment choice. For instance, a statistics based Cluster-FLIM technology provides precise data on drug-receptor binding behavior in biological tissues using fluorescence real experimental imaging. Automated Idylla qPCR System is another approach in oncology to determine the EGFR mutations at initial stage as well as during the treatment and also assists the oncologist in designing the treatment protocol. Recent incorporation of automation and AI in theranostics has brought a drastic change in early detection and treatment protocols for various diseases such as cancer and diabetes. Also, it leads to quick analysis of number of diverse experimental datum with accuracy. The approach mainly uses computer algorithms to unveil relevant and significant information from clinical data, thereby assisting in making accurate, logical and pertinent decisions. This review highlights the emerging uses/role of automation and AI in theranostics, technical difficulties and focuses on its future prospects to facilitate a patient specific, reliable and efficient pharmacotherapy.
The aim of this study is to investigate the role of CD147 in glucose metabolic regulation and its association with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) treatment sensitivity prediction using (18) F-fluorodeoxyglucose ((18) F-FDG) PET/CT imaging in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this study, four human NSCLC cell lines with different EGFR-TKI responses were used to detect p-EGFR/EGFR and CD147 expression via Western blotting and flow cytometric analyses. Radioactive uptake of (18) F-FDG by established stable NSCLC cell lines (HCC827, H1975) with different levels of CD147 expression and the corresponding xenografts was assessed through gamma-radioimmunoassays in vitro and micro-PET/CT imaging in vivo to study the role of CD147 in glucose metabolic reprogramming. Correlation analyses were performed to investigate the association between CD147 expression and PD-L1 expression in stable NSCLC cell lines. Higher CD147 expression was found in EGFR-TKI-sensitive NSCLC cell lines than in relatively resistant NSCLC cell lines (HCC827>PC9>A549>H1975). CD147 could promote (18) F-FDG uptake by HCC827 and H1975 cells in vitro and in vivo through an EGFR-initiated Akt/mTOR-dependent signaling pathway. Programmed cell death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression was positively correlated with CD147 expression in human NSCLC cell lines. EGFR-TKI treatment sensitivity prediction in NSCLC using (18) F-FDG PET/CT imaging significantly correlated with CD147-mediated glucose metabolic regulation via the Akt/mTOR-dependent pathway. Moreover, PD-L1 expression in NSCLC cell lines could be regulated by CD147, suggesting a potential immunosuppression induced by the upregulation of tumor glucose metabolism.
We aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of trastuzumab emtansine in patients with metastatic breast cancer previously treated with pertuzumab plus trastuzumab and taxane. We reviewed the medical records of patients who were diagnosed with Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER-2) positive metastatic breast cancer and received pertuzumab and then TDM-1 between January 2014 and January 2021 from twenty- five cancer centers. The Kaplan- Meier method estimated progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Additionally, objective response rate (ORR), clinical benefit rate (CBR), and safety were evaluated. One hundred fifty-three patients were included,79.1% of the patients received TDM-1 in the second line, 90.8% had visceral metastasis, and 30.7% had central nervous system involvement. The PFS and OS of TDM-1 were evaluated according to the number of previous lines (on the 2nd line or more than two lines) metastatic sites (visceral and non-visceral) and the presence of central nervous metastasis. In TDM-1 therapy, PFS in second line therapy was ten months (95% CI: 7.7 - 12.2); this was statistically higher than later-line PFS, which was six months (95% CI: 3.3 to 8.6) (p = 0.004). The median OS time was 25 months (95% CI: 21.0 to 28.9) in patients treated with TDM-1 in the second line and 19 months (95% CI: 12.3 to 25.6) in patients who received later than the second line(p = 0.175). There were no significant differences in PFS time of patients with and without visceral and central nervous metastases. Our study showed that TDM-1 was also effective in patients using pertuzumab, contributes significantly to PFS when used in the second line compared to its use in the later line, and does not make any difference in OS.
BACKGROUND: In breast cancer (BC), it has been suggested that nuclear overexpression of p53 protein might be an indicator of poor prognosis. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the expression of p53 BC in Kurdish women from the West of Iran and its correlation with other clinicopathology figures. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the present retrospective study, 231 patients were investigated for estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR) positivity, defined as >/=10% positive tumor cells with nuclear staining. A binary logistic regression model was selected using Akaike Information Criteria (AIC) in stepwise selection for determination of important factors. RESULTS: ER, PR, the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and p53 were positive in 58.4%, 55.4%, 59.7% and 45% of cases, respectively. Ki67 index was divided into two groups: 54.5% had Ki67<20% and 45.5% had Ki67 >/=20%. Of 214 patients, 137(64%) had lymph node metastasis and of 186 patients, 122(65.6%) had vascular invasion. Binary logistic regression analysis showed that there was inverse significant correlation between lymph node metastasis (P=0.008, OR 0.120 and 95%CI 0.025-0.574), ER status (P=0.006, OR 0.080, 95%CI 0.014-0.477) and a direct correlation between HER2 (P=005, OR 3.047, 95%CI 1.407-6.599) with the expression of p53. CONCLUSIONS: As in a number of studies, expression of p53 had a inverse correlation with lymph node metastasis and ER status and also a direct correlation with HER2 status. Also, p53-positivity is more likely in triple negative BC compared to other subtypes.
PURPOSE: Human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression have been associated with disease progression in patients with prostate cancer. We tested the hypothesis that plasma levels of HER2 and/or EGFR are associated with prostate cancer stage and prognosis in patients with clinically localized disease. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: We measured preoperative plasma HER2 and EGFR levels using commercially available ELISAs on banked plasma from 227 patients treated with radical prostatectomy and bilateral lymphadenectomy for clinically localized prostate adenocarcinoma. RESULTS: Median preoperative plasma EGFR and HER2 levels were 31.4 ng/mL (interquartile range, 19.2 ng/mL) and 10.0 ng/mL (interquartile range, 2.7 ng/mL), respectively. HER2 was elevated in patients with seminal vesicle invasion (P = 0.033). In separate multivariate analyses that adjusted for the effects of standard preoperative predictors, lower EGFR, higher HER2, and higher HER2/EGFR ratio were associated with prostate-specific antigen (PSA) progression (P = 0.003, P < 0.001, and P < 0.001, respectively). In separate multivariate analyses that adjusted for the effects of standard postoperative predictors, lower EGFR and higher HER2/EGFR ratio were associated with PSA progression (P = 0.027 and P < 0.001, respectively). Among the patients who experienced PSA progression, HER2 was significantly higher (P = 0.023) and EGFR was lower (P = 0.04) in those with features of aggressive disease (i.e., development of metastasis, PSA doubling time <10 months, and/or failure to respond to local salvage radiation therapy). CONCLUSION: Preoperative plasma HER2 and EGFR were associated with prostate cancer progression after radical prostatectomy. Plasma HER2 and EGFR may provide a tool for predicting long-term recurrence-free survival and early metastasis.
BACKGROUND/AIM: The immune system has a pivotal role in modulating the response to chemotherapy in breast cancer (BC). However, the immune status during chemotherapy remains unclear. We evaluated the sequential changes in peripheral systemic immunity markers in BC patients treated with various chemotherapeutic agents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We examined the correlation between the peripheral systemic immunity markers, neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), absolute lymphocyte count (ALC) and the local cytolytic activity (CYT) score obtained by quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction of 84 preoperative BC patients. Next, we observed the sequential changes in the peripheral systemic immunity markers during treatment with four anticancer drugs: oral 5-fluorouracil derivative; S-1, epirubicin plus cyclophosphamide; paclitaxel plus the anti-vascular endothelial growth factor antibody bevacizumab, and eribulin in 172 HER2-negative advanced BC patients. Finally, we examined the correlation between the changes in the peripheral systemic immunity markers, time to treatment failure (TTF) and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: A negative correlation was found between ALC and NLR. ALC-low and NLR-high cases were positively associated with CYT score-low cases. The ratio of ALC-increase and NLR-decrease varies depending on the anticancer drugs used. The responder group (TTF >/=3 months) had a higher NLR-decrease ratio than the nonresponder group (TTF <3 months). Patients with a high NLR-decrease ratio showed higher PFS. CONCLUSION: The change in ALC or NLR varies according to the anticancer drugs, suggesting differential immunomodulatory effects of the drugs. Furthermore, the change in NLR reflects the therapeutic efficacy of chemotherapy in advanced BC.
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is a common malignancy that remains refractory to available therapies. Gemcitabine has long been the standard, first-line agent in advanced disease. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is a commonly expressed target in pancreatic cancer that is involved in tumor proliferation, metastasis, and induction of angiogenesis. The addition of the EGFR inhibitor erlotinib to gemcitabine has recently been demonstrated to provide a small, yet statistically significant, survival benefit in advanced disease. This has prompted further research into the applications of EGFR-targeted therapy in pancreatic cancer, albeit with disappointing results. Resistance to these therapies seems highly prevalent and has been implicated in their limited efficacy. The development of rash is associated with treatment efficacy and suggests that predictive factors may one day be identified to guide appropriate patient selection for these agents. Preclinical research has shown promise that resistance to EGFR-targeted therapies can be overcome through a variety of approaches. Application of this research in clinical trials may ultimately yield an unquestioned role for EGFR-targeted therapy in the management of this disease.
Patient-derived organoids (PDOs) recapitulate tumor architecture, contain cancer stem cells and have predictive value supporting personalized medicine. Here we describe a large-scale functional screen of dual-targeting bispecific antibodies (bAbs) on a heterogeneous colorectal cancer PDO biobank and paired healthy colonic mucosa samples. More than 500 therapeutic bAbs generated against Wingless-related integration site (WNT) and receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) targets were functionally evaluated by high-content imaging to capture the complexity of PDO responses. Our drug discovery strategy resulted in the generation of MCLA-158, a bAb that specifically triggers epidermal growth factor receptor degradation in leucine-rich repeat-containing G-protein-coupled receptor 5-positive (LGR5+) cancer stem cells but shows minimal toxicity toward healthy LGR5+ colon stem cells. MCLA-158 exhibits therapeutic properties such as growth inhibition of KRAS-mutant colorectal cancers, blockade of metastasis initiation and suppression of tumor outgrowth in preclinical models for several epithelial cancer types.
BACKGROUND: This study aimed to comprehensively explore the clinical significance of PIK3CA mutation in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer treated with anti-HER2 therapy. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane databases for eligible studies assessing the association between PIK3CA mutation and outcomes in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer receiving anti-HER2 therapy. The main outcomes included: (1) pathological complete response (pCR) or disease-free survival (DFS) for the neoadjuvant setting; (2) DFS or invasive DFS for the adjuvant setting; (3) objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), time-to-progression (TTP), or overall survival (OS) for the metastatic setting. The mutational landscape of HER2-positive breast cancer according to PIK3CA mutation status was examined based on TCGA breast cancer dataset. RESULTS: Totally, 43 eligible studies, covering 11,099 patients with available data on PIK3CA mutation status, were identified. In the neoadjuvant setting, PIK3CA mutation was significantly associated with a lower pCR rate (OR=0.23, 95% CI 0.19-0.27, p<0.001). This association remained significant irrespective of the type of anti-HER2 therapy (single-agent or dual-agent) and hormone receptor status. There were no significant differences in DFS between PIK3CA mutated and wild-type patients in either the neoadjuvant or adjuvant settings. In the metastatic setting, PIK3CA mutation predicted worse ORR (OR=0.26, 95%CI 0.17-0.40, p<0.001), PFS (HR=1.28, 95%CI 1.03-1.59, p = 0.024) and TTP (HR=2.27, 95%CI 1.54-3.34, p<0.001). However, no significant association was observed between PIK3CA mutation status and OS. Distinct mutational landscapes were observed in HER2-positive breast cancer between individuals with PIK3CA mutations and those with wild-type PIK3CA. CONCLUSIONS: PIK3CA mutation was significantly associated with a lower pCR rate in HER2-positive breast cancer treated with neoadjuvant anti-HER2 therapy. In the metastatic setting, PIK3CA mutation was predictive of worse ORR, PFS and TTP. These results suggest the potential for developing PI3K inhibitors as a therapeutic option for these patients.
Male breast cancer (MBC) is a rare disease. Due to its rarity, MBC research and clinical approach are mostly based upon data derived from its largely known female counterpart. We aimed at investigating whether MBC cases harbor somatic alterations of genes known as prognostic biomarkers and molecular therapeutic targets in female breast cancer.We examined 103 MBC cases, all characterized for germ-line BRCA1/2 mutations, for somatic alterations in PIK3CA, EGFR, ESR1 and CCND1 genes.Pathogenic mutations of PIK3CA were detected in 2% of MBCs. No pathogenic mutations were identified in ESR1 and EGFR. Gene copy number variations (CNVs) analysis showed amplification of PIK3CA in 8.1%, EGFR in 6.8% and CCND1 in 16% of MBCs, whereas deletion of ESR1 was detected in 15% of MBCs. Somatic mutations and gene amplification were found only in BRCA1/2 mutation negative MBCs.Significant associations emerged between EGFR amplification and large tumor size (T4), ER-negative and HER2-positive status, between CCND1 amplification and HER2-positive and MIB1-positive status, and between ESR1 deletion and ER-negative status.Our results show that amplification of targetable oncogenes is frequent in BRCA1/2 mutation negative MBCs and may identify MBC subsets characterized by aggressive phenotype that may benefit from potential targeted therapeutic approaches.
The transcriptional co-activator YES-associated protein (YAP) has been reported to act as both an oncogene and tumor suppressor in breast cancers. In this study, we evaluated YAP expression immunohistochemically in 324 breast cancer tissues and correlated the expression with clinicopathological findings and patient survival data. Additionally, we reviewed the literature to clarify the role of YAP in breast cancer. We detected YAP, estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth receptor-2 (HER2) expression and a Ki67 labeling index >20% in 53.4%, 49.0%, 45.0%, 28.3%, and 57.4% of invasive ductal carcinoma tissues, respectively. YAP is mainly localized within the tumor cell nuclei, and its expression was associated with the PR status and luminal A subtype. YAP expression also inversely correlated with the HER2 and Ki67 levels and lymph node metastasis. Kaplan-Meier curves revealed associations of YAP expression with favorable disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival in patients with luminal A breast cancer and with favorable DFS association among patients with invasive ductal carcinoma, luminal B (HER2-), and luminal B (HER2+) breast cancers. A multivariate Cox analysis revealed that YAP expression and PR status were independent favorable predictors of DFS and overall survival, respectively, among patients with breast cancer, whereas tumor-node-metastasis stage and an old age were independent predictors of a poor DFS. Our results, together with the literature review findings, suggest that YAP could be a prognostic marker in patients with breast cancer.
Following the publication of the above paper, it was drawn to the Editor's attention by a concerned reader that the numerous immunohistochemical images shown in Fig. 1D on p. 2626 exhibited a number of overlaps comparing among the data panels, such that data which were intended to show the results from differently performed experiments were likely to have been derived from a smaller number of original sources. A subsequent independent investigation of the data in this paper in the Editorial Office also revealed that certain of the cell migration and invasion assay data shown in Fig. 4A on p. 2629 were strikingly similar to data that had previously appeared in a couple of already published papers written by different authors at different research institutes.  Owing to the fact that the contentious data in Fig. 4 in the above article had already been published prior to its submission to Oncology Reports, in addition to the matter of several panels in Fig. 1D showing overlapping data, the Editor has decided that this paper should be retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. The Editor apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [Oncology Reports 39: 2624-2634, 2018; DOI: 10.3892/or.2018.6389].
The chemical investigation of Homotrigona apicalis propolis collected in Binh Dinh province, Vietnam, led to the isolation of nine compounds, including four sesquiterpenes: spathulenol (1), 1alphaH,5betaH-aromandendrane-4beta,10alpha-diol (2), 1beta,6alpha-dihydroxy-4(15)-eudesmene (3), and 1betaH,5betaH-aromandendrane-4alpha,10beta-diol (4); three triterpenes: acetyl oleanolic acid (5), 3alpha-hydroxytirucalla-8,24-dien-21-oic acid (6), and ursolic acid (7); and two xanthones: cochinchinone A (8) and alpha-mangostin (9). Sesquiterpens 1-4 and triterpene 6 were isolated for the first time from stingless bee propolis. Plants in the Cratoxylum and Aglaia genus were suggested as resin sources of the propolis sample. In the antibacterial activity evaluation, the EtOH extract only showed moderate activity on S. aureus, while the isolated compounds 7-9 showed good antibacterial activity, with IC(50) values of 0.56 to 17.33 microg/mL. The EtOH extract displayed selective cytotoxicity against the A-549 cancer cell line, with IC(50) values of 22.82 +/- 0.86 microg/mL, and the xanthones 8 and 9 exhibited good activity against the KB, HepG-2, and A-549 cancer cell lines, with IC(50) values ranging from 7.55 +/- 0.25 microg/mL to 29.27 +/- 2.07 microg/mL. The cytotoxic effects of xanthones 8 and 9 were determined by the inhibition of the EGFR and HER2 pathways using a molecular docking study. Compounds 8 and 9 displayed strong binding affinity with EFGR and HER2, with values of -9.3 to -9.9 kcal/mol. Compounds 5, 8, and 9 showed potential alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activities, which were further confirmed by computational studies. The binding energies of compounds 5, 8, and 9 were lower than that of arcabose.
BACKGROUND: The prognosis for urothelial carcinoma remains poor, with limited therapeutic options, emphasizing the need for further research into targeted therapies. The prognostic and predictive significance of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression in urothelial carcinoma remains unclear, with previous studies reporting conflicting results. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of advanced urothelial carcinoma cases diagnosed between January 2017 and December 2022. HER2 status was prospectively determined using the Leica CB11 antibody on available biopsy specimens. Patient data, tumor characteristics, and survival outcomes were retrieved from hospital records for analysis. RESULTS: Of the 84 patients initially identified with muscle-invasive disease, HER2 immunohistochemistry (IHC) was performed on 50 samples. Among these, 54% exhibited HER2 scores >/= 1+, with 22% classified as HER2-positive (3+ score by IHC), 10% as equivocal (2+ score by IHC), and 22% as HER2-low (1+ score by IHC). The distribution of HER2 score >/= 1+ tumors included 25.7% in the bladder, 20.0% in the renal pelvis, and none in the ureter. HER2-positive (3+ score by IHC) tumors were all histological grade 3. Among these patients, 13.4% presented with localized disease, 20% with locally advanced disease, and 50% with metastatic disease at the time of diagnosis. Notably, 42.8% of recurrent tumors originating from the renal pelvis and 62.5% of those from the bladder exhibited HER2 scores >/= 1+. Among patients diagnosed with non-metastatic disease, 100% with renal pelvis tumors and 75% with bladder tumors experienced metastatic recurrence if they were HER2-positive (3+ score by IHC). The overall survival for HER2-negative patients was 31.0 months (95% confidence interval (CI): 15.29 - 66.70) compared to 13.0 months (95% CI: 7.32 - 18.68) in the HER2 score >/= 1+ population (P = 0.0029). CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of Mexican patients with urothelial carcinoma, HER2 expression was observed in 54.4% of cases. HER2-positive (+3 by IHC) tumors were associated with higher histological grade and worse prognostic outcomes, including increased recurrence, progression, and mortality.
Taxanes (T) plus bevacizumab (B) and taxanes plus capecitabine (X) showed better progression-free survival (PFS) compared to taxanes alone. Since life-threatening or highly symptomatic situations require polychemotherapy in metastatic breast cancer (MBC), combination of taxanes, capecitabine plus bevacizumab appears reasonable. TABEA (NCT01200212), a prospectively randomized, open-label, phase III trial compares taxanes (paclitaxel 80 mg/m(2) i.v. d1,8,15 q22 or docetaxel 75 mg/m(2) i.v. d1 q22) plus bevacizumab (15 mg/kg i.v. d1 q22) with (TBX) or without capecitabine (TB, 1800 mg/m(2) daily d1-14 q22) as first-line therapy in MBC. Histologically confirmed HER2-negative, locally advanced or MBC patients with a chemotherapy indication and measurable or non-measurable target lesions (RECIST criteria) were included. Primary objective was PFS. Secondary objectives were response rate and duration, clinical benefit rate (complete response, partial response, stable disease >/=24 weeks), 3-year overall survival, PFS in patients >/=65 years, toxicity, and compliance. We assumed 10 and 13.3 months PFS for TB and TBX, respectively (HR = 0.75), requiring 432 patients and 386 events. Preplanned interim futility and safety analyses after 100 events in 202 patients showed no efficacy benefit and higher toxicity for TBX. Recruitment and therapy were stopped following advice from the IDMC. Final analysis revealed a HR 1.13 [95 %CI 0.806-1.59], P = 0.474, for PFS. Overall grade 3-4 adverse event (77.3 vs. 62.1 %, P = 0.014) and serious adverse event (40.0 vs. 30.2 %, P = 0.127) rates were higher for TBX after 26.1 months median follow-up, with six deaths for TBX versus 1 for TB. Adding capecitabine to TB cannot be recommended as first-line therapy in MBC.
Novel derivatives of 2-amino benzothiazoles 4(a-j) have been synthesized and tested for their antitumor activity using National Cancer Institute (NCI) disease oriented antitumor screen protocol against nine panel of cancer cell lines. Among the synthesized compounds, two compounds were granted NSC code and screened at National Cancer Institute (NCI)-USA for anticancer activity at a single high dose (10(-5) M) and five dose in full NCI 60 cell panel. Among the selected compounds, 7-chloro-N-(2,6-dichlorophenyl)benzo[d]thiazol-2-amine (4i) with GI(50) values of 7.18 x 10(-8) M against Non-Small Cell HOP-92 Lung Cancer cell line proved to be the most active members in this study. Virtual screening was carried out through docking the designed compounds into the ATP binding site of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) to predict if these compounds have analogous binding mode to the EGFR inhibitors.
OBJECTIVES: Triple-negative breast carcinomas (TNBCs) correspond to a molecular heterogeneous disease defined by lack of estrogen and progesterone receptor expression, and the absence of overexpression and/or amplification of HER2. Recent data indicate that clinical outcome in TNBC is affected by tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, suggesting that they can benefit from immunotherapies. We selected 116 consecutive premenopausal patients with TNBC to compare the immunohistochemical profile of the group rich in tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes with those without this characteristic. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We reviewed all the original histological sections to assess pathological features, and to select a representative area for tissue microarrays and immunohistochemical study. Estrogen and progesterone receptors, HER2 and Ki-67 were evaluated in whole histological sections. The following markers were analyzed in tissue microarrays sections: androgen receptor, cytokeratin 5/6, cytokeratin 14, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vimentin, p16, claudin-3, -4, and -7, p63, and aldehyde dehydrogenase isoform 1 (ALDH1). Lymphocyte-predominant breast cancer (LPBC) was defined by the presence of more than 50% of lymphocytes in the intratumoral stroma. RESULTS: Twenty-six (22.4%) patients present tumors classified as LPBC and 90 (77.6%) as non-LPBC. The two groups were similar regarding age of patients, tumor grade and Ki-67 positive cells. LPBC cases presented lower frequency of expression of the basal cytokeratins, EGFR, and basal-like immunoprofile. There was a trend to higher expression of ALDH1 by stromal intratumoral cells. The expression of all other markers were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Lymphocyte-predominant TNBC in premenopausal patients are mostly of non-basal phenotype.
The selection of the most effective chemotherapy treatment based on evaluation of biomarkers, that is, 'tailor-made chemotherapy', can improve the clinical outcome of non-small cell lung cancer patients, including early-stage tumors with a high metastatic potential and advanced-stage tumors with a low proliferation rate. Therefore, treatment would be chosen according to which drugs would be most effective in combating specific tumors. For example: 5-fluorouracil-derived agents would be used for tumors with a low expression of thymidylate synthase; gefitinib and erlotinib for tumors with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations or increased EGFR gene copy numbers; cisplatin and carboplatin for tumors with a low expression of excision repair cross complementing-1; and gemcitabine for tumors with a low expression of ribonucleotide reductase. The remaining populations of non-small cell lung cancers require chemotherapy using other drugs based on an evaluation of other targeted molecules.
BACKGROUND: Osimertinib (AZD9291) is an oral, potent, irreversible EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitor selective for EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitor sensitising mutations, and the EGFR Thr790Met resistance mutation. We assessed the efficacy and safety of osimertinib in patients with EGFR Thr790Met-positive non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), who had progressed after previous therapy with an approved EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitor. METHODS: In this phase 2, open-label, single-arm study (AURA2), patients aged at least 18 years with centrally confirmed EGFR Thr790Met-positive mutations, locally advanced or metastatic (stage IIIB/IV) NSCLC who progressed on previous EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitor therapy received osimertinib 80 mg orally once daily; treatment could continue beyond progression if the investigator observed a clinical benefit. Patients with asymptomatic, stable CNS metastases not requiring steroids were allowed to enrol. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving an objective response by blinded independent central review using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors, version 1.1. Response endpoints were assessed in the evaluable for response analysis set (ie, all patients who received at least one dose of osimertinib and had measurable disease at baseline according to blinded independent central review). Other endpoints and safety were assessed in all patients receiving at least one osimertinib dose (full analysis set). The study is ongoing and patients are still receiving treatment. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02094261. FINDINGS: Between May 20, 2014, and Sept 12, 2014, 472 patients were screened, of whom 210 started osimertinib treatment between June 13, 2014, and Oct 27, 2014; 11 patients were excluded from the evaluable for response analysis set (n=199) due to absence of measurable disease at baseline by blinded independent central review. At data cutoff (Nov 1, 2015), 122 (58%) patients remained on treatment. The median duration of follow-up was 13.0 months (IQR 7.6-14.2). 140 (70%; 95% CI 64-77) of 199 patients achieved an objective response by blinded independent central review: confirmed complete responses were achieved in six (3%) patients and partial responses were achieved in 134 (67%) patients. The most common all-causality grade 3 and 4 adverse events were pulmonary embolism (seven [3%]), prolonged electrocardiogram QT (five [2%]), decreased neutrophil count (four [2%]), anaemia, dyspnoea, hyponatraemia, increased alanine aminotransferase, and thrombocytopenia (three [1%] each). Serious adverse events were reported in 52 (25%) patients, of which 11 (5%) were investigator assessed as possibly treatment-related to osimertinib. Seven deaths were due to adverse events; these were pneumonia (n=2), pneumonia aspiration (n=1), rectal haemorrhage (n=1), dyspnoea (n=1), failure to thrive (n=1), and interstitial lung disease (n=1). The only fatal event assessed as possibly treatment-related by the investigator was due to interstitial lung disease. INTERPRETATION: Osimertinib showed clinical activity with manageable side-effects in patients with EGFR Thr790Met-positive NSCLC. Therefore, osimertinib could be a suitable treatment for patients with EGFR Thr790Met-positive disease who have progressed on an EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitor. FUNDING: AstraZeneca.
BACKGROUND: Clinical guidelines advise osimertinib as preferred first line treatment for advanced epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutated non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with deletions in exon 19 (del19) or exon 21 L858R mutation. However, for first-line osimertinib the real world overall survival (OS) in mutation subgroups remains unknown. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the real-world OS of those patients treated with different generations of EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI), and to identify predictors of survival. METHODS: Using real-world data from the Netherlands Cancer Registry (NCR) we assessed patients diagnosed with stage IV NSCLC with del19 or L858R mutation between January 1, 2015, and December 31, 2020, primarily treated with then regularly available TKIs (including osimertinib). FINDINGS: Between January 1, 2015, and December 31, 2020, 57,592 patients were included in the NCR. Within this cohort we identified 1109 patients, 654 (59%) with del19 and 455 (41%) with L858R mutations, respectively; 230 (21%) patients were diagnosed with baseline brain metastases (BM). Patients were treated with gefitinib (19%, 213/1109), erlotinib (42%, 470/1109), afatinib (15%, 161/1109) or osimertinib (24%, 265/1109). Median OS was superior for del19 versus L858R (28.4 months (95% CI 25.6-30.6) versus 17.7 months (95% CI 16.1-19.5), p < 0.001. In multivariable analysis, no difference in survival was observed between various TKIs in both groups. Only in the subgroup of patients with del19 and baseline BM, a benefit was observed for treatment with osimertinib. INTERPRETATION: In this nationwide real-world cohort, survival of Dutch patients with advanced NSCLC and an EGFR del19 mutation was superior versus those harboring an L858R mutation. Osimertinib performed only better as first-line treatment in patients with del19 and BM. FUNDING: None.
PURPOSE: Anti-EGFR mAbs are effective in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) patients. RAS status and tumor location (sidedness) are predictive markers of patients' response to anti-EGFR mAbs. Recently, low miR-31-3p expression levels have been correlated with clinical benefit from the anti-EGFR mAb cetuximab. Here, we aimed to validate the predictive power of miR-31-3p in a prospective cohort of chemorefractory mCRC patients treated with single-agent anti-EGFR mAbs. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: miR-31-3p was tested by in situ hybridization (ISH) in 91 pretreatment core biopsies from metastatic deposits of 45 patients with mCRC. Sequential tissue biopsies obtained before treatment, at the time of partial response, and at disease progression were tested to monitor changes in miR-31-3p expression overtreatment. miR-31-3p expression, sidedness, and RAS status in pretreatment cell-free DNA were combined in multivariable regression models to assess the predictive value of each variable alone or in combination. RESULTS: Patients with low miR-31-3p expression in pretreatment biopsies showed better overall response rate, as well as better progression-free survival and overall survival, compared to those with high miR-31-3p expression. The prognostic effect of miR-31-3p was independent from age, gender, and sidedness. No significant changes in the expression of miR-31-3p were observed when sequential tissue biopsies were tested in long-term or poor responders to anti-EGFR mAbs. miR-31-3p scores were similar when pretreatment biopsies were compared with treatment-naive archival tissues (often primary colorectal cancer). CONCLUSIONS: Our study validates the role of miR-31-3p as potential predictive biomarker of selection for anti-EGFR mAbs.
INTRODUCTION: Molecular profile of resected stage I-II non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) would help refine prognosis and personalize induction or adjuvant strategies. We sought to report the molecular profile of resected stage I-II NSCLC and analyzed the impact of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations on outcomes in a Western population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Surgical cases were identified from Biomarkers France study, a nationwide prospective study including NSCLC patients screened for EGFR, HER2, KRAS, BRAF, PIK3CA, ALK alterations from 2012 to 2013. Among surgical patients, clinical charts of the largest centers were reviewed in order to analyze the prognostic impact of EGFR mutations. RESULTS: In the BMF database (n = 17.636), surgical patients (n = 854) were characterized by a higher proportion of EGFR mutations than nonsurgical patients (12.9% vs. 10.2%, P = .025), while the other molecular alterations did not differ. The proportion of EGFR mutations was 27% in women undergoing surgery. In the study group (n = 293; EGFR wild type, n = 235; usual mutation, n = 50; rare mutation, n = 8), after a median follow-up of 67 months, 215 patients (74.4%) had not relapsed. No difference was found between EGFR-mutant and EGFR-wt tumors regarding recurrence site, disease-free survival, and overall survival. The 5-year disease-free survival and overall survival after surgical resection of stage I-II EGFR-mutated tumors were 65% and 75%, respectively. CONCLUSION: In resected stage I to II NSCLC, EGFR mutations were found in 12.9% of cases, associated with a 5-year overall survival of 75%, with no impact on recurrence site, disease-free survival, and overall survival.
To further realize proteomics of archived tissues for translational research, we introduce a hybrid microfluidic platform for high-specificity, high-sensitivity protein detection from individual chemically fixed cells. To streamline processing-to-analysis workflows and minimize signal loss, DropBlot serially integrates sample preparation using droplet-based antigen retrieval from single fixed cells with unified analysis-on-a-chip comprising microwell-based antigen extraction followed by chip-based single-cell western blotting. A water-in-oil droplet formulation proves robust to the harsh chemical (SDS, 6M urea) and thermal conditions (98 degrees C, 1-2 hr.) required for sufficient antigen retrieval, and the electromechanical conditions required for electrotransfer of retrieved antigen from microwell-encapsulated droplets to single-cell electrophoresis. Protein-target retrieval was demonstrated for unfixed, paraformaldehyde-(PFA), and methanol-fixed cells. We observed higher protein electrophoresis separation resolution from PFA-fixed cells with sufficient immunoreactivity confirmed for key targets (HER2, GAPDH, EpCAM, Vimentin) from both fixation chemistries. Multiple forms of EpCAM and Vimentin were detected, a hallmark strength of western-blot analysis. DropBlot of PFA-fixed human-derived breast tumor specimens (n = 5) showed antigen retrieval from cells archived frozen for 6 yrs. DropBlot could provide a precision integrated workflow for single-cell resolution protein-biomarker mining of precious biospecimen repositories.
Receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) can show extensive crosstalk, directly and indirectly. Elucidating RTK crosstalk remains an important goal in the clinical combination of anti-cancer therapies. Here, we present mass spectrometry and pharmacological approaches showing the hepatocyte growth factor receptor (MET)-promoting tyrosine phosphorylation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and other membrane receptors in MET-amplified H1993 NSCLC cells. Conversely, in H292 wt-EGFR NSCLC cells, EGFR promotes the tyrosine phosphorylation of MET. Reciprocal regulation of the EGFR and insulin receptor (IR) was observed in the GEO CRC cells, where inhibition of the EGFR drives tyrosine phosphorylation of the insulin receptor. Similarly, in platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-amplified H1703 NSCLC cells, inhibition of the EGFR promotes the tyrosine phosphorylation of the PDGFR. These RTK interactions are used to illustrate basic principles applicable to other RTK signaling networks. More specifically, we focus on two types of RTK interaction: (1) co-option of one RTK by another and (2) reciprocal activation of one receptor following the inhibition of a distinct receptor.
Resistance to poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitors (PARPi) poses a significant challenge to enhancing the efficacy of cancer treatments. Beyond the cellular mechanisms intrinsic to tumor cells, the modulation of the tumor immune microenvironment is crucial in dictating the responsiveness to pharmacological interventions. Thus, there is a pressing need to elucidate the intricate interplay between PARPi and antitumor immune responses and to develop an optimized combinatorial therapeutic approach. In this study, using matched tumor samples before and after neoadjuvant monotherapy with the PARPi niraparib in a prospective clinical trial (NCT04507841), we observed a significant increase in natural killer (NK) cell infiltration post-treatment. However, this was not accompanied by the expected enhancement in their cytotoxic functions. This observation underscores the necessity to optimize the antitumor potential of NK cells by enhancing their cytotoxic capabilities. Upon exposure to niraparib, tumor cells, particularly those with wild-type EGFR, exhibited a pronounced upregulation of human leukocyte antigen G (HLA-G), an immune checkpoint impeding NK cell functions. Niraparib promotes EGFR internalization, which in turn diminishes AKT/mTOR signaling, leading to the increased transcriptional activity of the transcription factor EB (TFEB) and subsequent enhancement of HLA-G expression. The combination of niraparib with HLA-G blockade not only augmented NK cell-mediated tumor lysis in vitro but also synergistically inhibited tumor growth in humanized patient-derived xenograft models. Collectively, our results shed light on a previously unrecognized immune evasion mechanism and offer a compelling argument for the integration of HLA-G blockade with PARPi in cancer therapy.
INTRODUCTION: Autophagy is a metabolic process that serves to maintain cellular homeostasis as well as enable the cell to adapt to metabolic stress. In malignant cells, autophagy has been associated with drug resistance, metastasis and poor outcome. Colorectal carcinoma is a leading cause of cancer morbidity and mortality worldwide. The management and outcome are dependent on the tumor clinical and pathological characteristics. Autophagy is a potential therapeutic target as well as prognostic biomarker given its role in cancer pathogenesis. This study aimed at evaluating the autophagy status of colorectal carcinomas for tumors diagnosed at the Aga Khan University Hospital, Nairobi and establish its association with clinical-pathological characteristics including age, tumor location, tumor grade, tumor pathological stage, tumor nodal stage, tumor budding, tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs), Mismatch repair protein status (MMR), HER2 status and patient survival. METHODS: The study assessed the autophagy status of 114 colorectal carcinoma cases using immunohistochemistry for autophagy related protein LC3beta. The clinical-pathological characteristics were determined by examining the medical records and evaluation of hematoxylin and eosin-stained slides. HER2 and MMR status were evaluated using immunohistochemistry. The treatment outcome was determined from the patient's records by checking for date of last visit or death. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The mean age of patients in our study was 58years. There were more males 61.8% (n = 70) than females 38.6% (n = 44). Most of the patients had high pathological tumor stage of pT3 and pT4. Majority of the tumors showed intermediate tumor budding and weak tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes. The mismatch repair deficiency and HER2 overexpression were found in 14.9% (n = 17) and 2.6% (n = 3) of the cases respectively. LC3beta was overexpressed in 36% (n = 41) of the cases and was significantly more common in females (p = 0.013). The LC3beta status showed no significant association with age, tumor location, tumor grade, tumor stage, nodal stage, tumor budding, tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes, MMR status, HER2 status or patient survival. Future prospective studies are recommended to further explore the utility of autophagy as a prognostic and predictive biomarker.
OBJECTIVE: This study is to investigate the effect of low concentration hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) on the proliferation of gastric cancer AGS cell line in vitro and the mechanism. MATERIALS AND METHODS: AGS cells were treated with different low concentrations of H2O2 (1, 0.1, 0.01, and 0.001 mum) for 48 hours. The effect of H2O2 concentration gradient on the activity of AGS cell activities was detected by methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) method. The expression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and its downstream signaling pathway extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) protein in H2O2 was detected by Western blot method; moreover, the effect of H2O2 on intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) in AGS cells was observed under the fluorescence microscope and quantitative analysis by flow cytometry. The effect of H2O2 on the level of c-myc mRNA in AGS cells was also detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). RESULTS: MTT detection results showed that 1 mum and 0.1 mum H2O2 at 48h can effectively promote the proliferation of AGS cells (p<0.05). The Western blot results showed that after 48 hours of low concentration of H2O2 treatment of AGS cells, the EGFR protein levels and ERK protein phosphorylation levels increased significantly (p<0.05). Fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry showed that the low concentration of H2O2 increased the intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS). RT-PCR results showed the levels of c-myc mRNA in AGS cells treated with a low concentration of H2O2 were significantly increased (p<0.05) and EGFR blocking agent AG1478 can resist the above effects. CONCLUSIONS: Low concentration of H2O2 can significantly promote the proliferation of AGS cells by activating EGFR/ERK signaling pathway.
OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to investigate the distribution and clinicopathologic features of breast cancer patients in South India, while also examining the overall survival (OS) and identifying predictive factors affecting it. Additionally, we aimed to assess the influence of risk factors on Disease Free Survival (DFS) and Distant Disease-Free Survival (DDFS). METHODS: This retrospective cohort study on breast cancer trends used comprehensive follow-up including regular patient contact, medical record review and collaboration with healthcare providers. Patients without follow-up information for more than 12 months were contacted by telephone, while those with no follow-up after 2 years were labelled as lost to follow-up. RESULTS: A total of 3256 patients were identified from a single cancer institute in India. The median follow-up time was 8.1 years. The 5-year survival rates were 89%, 84%, 85%, 88% and 10-year were 82%, 78%, 79%, 83% for luminal cancers, Triple Negative Breast Cancers, HER2 enriched and luminal with HER2 enriched respectively. CONCLUSION: Poorer survival rates were seen among those with pT3/4 tumors, nodal involvement at diagnosis, Estrogen receptor negative status, high Ki67 proliferative index and higher TNM stage at diagnosis of the disease. Although our patients were younger and had more aggressive types of cancer, their DFS, DDFS and overall survival were comparable to other developed nations.
BACKGROUND: The WORLD07 project is a female-specific database to prospectively analyze the characteristics of Spanish women with lung cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We analyzed and compared lung cancer features in women with and without a family history of cancer/lung cancer. RESULTS: Two thousand and sixty women were included: 876 had a family history of cancer (lung cancer, 34%) and 886 did not, with no significant differences between groups, except for smoking status (p=0.036). We found statistically significant correlations between epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation and smoking status in patients with a family history of cancer (r=-0.211; p<0.001) and lung cancer (r=-0.176; p<0.001). Longer median overall survival was observed in women with a family history of cancer and lung cancer. CONCLUSION: Among Spanish women with lung cancer, a greater proportion were current smokers in those with a family history of cancer/lung cancer. There was a significant correlation between the presence of EGFR mutation and smoking.
BACKGROUND: Carbon ion ((12)C) radiotherapy is becoming very promising to kill highly metastatic cancer cells keeping adjacent normal cells least affected. Our previous study shows that combined PARP-1 inhibition with (12)C ion reduces MMP-2,-9 synergistically in HeLa cells but detailed mechanism are not clear. To understand this mechanism and the rationale of using PARP-1 inhibitor with (12)C ion radiotherapy for better outcome in controlling metastasis, we investigated metastatic potential in two non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) A549 and H1299 (p53-deficient) cells exposed with (12)C ion in presence and absence of PARP-1 inhibition using siRNA or olaparib. METHODS: We monitored cell proliferation, in-vitro cell migration, wound healing, expression and activity of MMP-2, - 9 in A549 and p53-deficient H1299 cell lines exposed with (12)C ion with and without PARP-1 inhibitor olaparib/DPQ. Expression and phosphorylation of NF-kB, EGFR, Akt, p38, ERK was also observed in A549 and H1299 cells exposed with (12)C ion with and without PARP-1 inhibition using siRNA or olaparib. We also checked expression of few marker genes involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) pathways like N-cadherin, vimentin, anillin, claudin-1, - 2 in both NSCLC. To determine the generalized effect of (12)C ion and olaparib in inhibition of cell's metastatic potential, wound healing and activity of MMP-2, - 9 was also studied in HeLa and MCF7 cell lines after (12)C ion exposure and in combination with PARP-1 inhibitor olaparib. RESULTS: Our experiments show that (12)C ion and PARP-1 inhibition separately reduces cell proliferation, cell migration, wound healing, phosphorylation of EGFR, Akt, p38, ERK resulting inactivation of NF-kB. Combined treatment abolishes NF-kB expression and hence synergistically reduces MMP-2, - 9 expressions. Each single treatment reduces N-cadherin, vimentin, anillin but increases claudin-1, - 2 leading to suppression of EMT process. However, combined treatment synergistically alters these proteins to suppress EMT pathways significantly. CONCLUSION: The activation pathways of transcription of MMP-2,-9 via NF-kB and key marker proteins in EMT pathways are targeted by both (12)C ion and olaparib/siRNA. Hence, (12)C ion radiotherapy could potentially be combined with olaparib as chemotherapeutic agent for better control of cancer metastasis.
PURPOSE: Triple-negative breast cancers (TNBC) lack expression of three common cell surface receptors, i.e., estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2). Accordingly, TNBCs are associated with fewer treatment options and a relatively poor prognosis. Having screened a National Cancer Institute natural compound library, the purpose of this study was to investigate the bioactivity of compound C4 (Crassin) in TNBC cells. METHODS: Cell viability assays were performed in two TNBC cell lines, MDA-MB-231 and 4T1, following C4 treatment in the presence or absence of the antioxidant N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC). Phosphorylation of Akt and ERK was assessed by Western blotting. Apoptosis, necrosis, autophagy, necroptosis, ferroptosis and cytostasis assays were performed to explain viability deficits resulting from C4 exposure. RESULTS: We found that the viability of the TNBC cells tested decreased in a concentration- and time-dependent fashion following C4 treatment. This decrease coincided with an unexpected increase in the expression of the cell survival effectors pAkt and pERK. In addition, we found that both the decreased cell viability and the increased pAkt/pERK levels could be rescued by the antioxidant NAC, suggesting a central role for reactive oxygen species (ROS) in the mechanism of action of C4. Necrosis, apoptosis, necroptosis and ferroptosis could be ruled out as cell death mechanisms. Instead, we found that C4 induced cytostasis downstream of ROS activation. Finally, we observed a synergistic effect between C4 and the chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin in TNBC cells. CONCLUSIONS: From our in vitro data we conclude that C4 exerts cytostatic effects on triple-negative breast cancer cells via a pathway involving reactive oxygen species. Its potential value in combination with cytotoxic therapies merits deeper investigation in pre-clinical models.
PURPOSE: Bardoxolone methyl, a novel synthetic triterpenoid and antioxidant inflammation modulator, potently induces Nrf2 and inhibits NF-kappaB and Janus-activated kinase/STAT signaling. This first-in-human phase I clinical trial aimed to determine the dose-limiting toxicities (DLT), maximum tolerated dose (MTD), and appropriate dose for phase II studies; characterize pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic parameters; and assess antitumor activity. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Bardoxolone methyl was administered orally once daily for 21 days of a 28-day cycle. An accelerated titration design was employed until a grade 2-related adverse event occurred. A standard 3 + 3 dose escalation was then employed until the MTD was reached. Single dose and steady-state plasma pharmacokinetics of the drug were characterized. Assessment of Nrf2 activation was examined in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) by measuring NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase (NQO1) mRNA levels. Immunohistochemical assessment of markers of inflammation, cell cycle, and apoptosis was carried out on tumor biopsies. RESULTS: The DLTs were grade 3 reversible liver transaminase elevations. The MTD was established as 900 mg/d. A complete tumor response occurred in a mantle cell lymphoma patient, and a partial response was observed in an anaplastic thyroid carcinoma patient. NQO1 mRNA levels increased in PBMCs, and NF-kappaB and cyclin D1 levels decreased in tumor biopsies. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was also increased. CONCLUSIONS: Bardoxolone methyl was well tolerated with an MTD of 900 mg/d. The increase in eGFR suggests that bardoxolone methyl might be beneficial in chronic kidney disease. Objective tumor responses and pharmacodynamic effects were observed, supporting continued development of other synthetic triterpenoids in cancer.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) can be activated by several growth factors within the tumor microenvironment, and it can activate several signaling pathways. For tumor development, these EGFR-related signaling pathways may converge on several common nuclear transcription factors, one such transcription factor being STAT5. STAT5 plays an important role in the oncogenic signal transduction pathway in non-small cell lung cancer. In this study, we examined whether the epidermal growth factor (EGF) can stimulate cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression in human lung adeno-carcinoma A549 cells transfected with or without STAT5 siRNA or dominant-negative (DN)-STAT5, and identified the pathways involved in this response. We found that STAT5 siRNA significantly reduced EGF-induced COX-2 expression, and STAT5 phosphorylation. STAT5 phosphorylation predominantly mediates EGF-induced COX-2 promoter activity. STAT5 siRNA was found to inhibit COX-2 expression in resting A549 cells despite the absence of detectable activated phosphorylated STAT5. Using an adenoviral system, we expressed DN-STAT5 in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells in order to broaden the investigation and to determine the role of STAT5 in EGF-mediated COX-2 gene expression. The overexpression of DN-STAT5 significantly inhibited EGF-induced COX-2 expression, and we found that EGF induced the tyrosine phosphorylation of STAT5 and up- regulated COX-2 expression. DN-STAT5 also blocked COX-2 promoter activity. Our results demonstrate that EGF stimulates COX-2 expression in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells via the activation of the STAT5 pathway and that COX-2 expression may be independent of phosphorylated STAT5 in A549 cells in vitro.
The quantity of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in breast cancer (BC) is a robust prognostic factor for improved patient survival, particularly in triple-negative and HER2-overexpressing BC subtypes(1). Although T cells are the predominant TIL population(2), the relationship between quantitative and qualitative differences in T cell subpopulations and patient prognosis remains unknown. We performed single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) of 6,311 T cells isolated from human BCs and show that significant heterogeneity exists in the infiltrating T cell population. We demonstrate that BCs with a high number of TILs contained CD8(+) T cells with features of tissue-resident memory T (T(RM)) cell differentiation and that these CD8(+) T(RM) cells expressed high levels of immune checkpoint molecules and effector proteins. A CD8(+) T(RM) gene signature developed from the scRNA-seq data was significantly associated with improved patient survival in early-stage triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) and provided better prognostication than CD8 expression alone. Our data suggest that CD8(+) T(RM) cells contribute to BC immunosurveillance and are the key targets of modulation by immune checkpoint inhibition. Further understanding of the development, maintenance and regulation of T(RM) cells will be crucial for successful immunotherapeutic development in BC.
Breast cancer (BC) is a malignant disease with a high prevalence worldwide. The main cause of death is not the primary tumor, but instead the spread of tumor cells to distant sites. The aim of the present study was to examine a new method for the detection of cancer cells in aqueous medium using bioimpedance spectroscopy assisted with magnetic nanoparticles (MNP's) exposure to a constant magnetic field. The spectroscopic patterns were identified for three breast cancer cell lines. Each BC cell line represents a different pathologic stage: the early stage (MCF-7), invasive phase (MDA-MB-231) and metastasis (SK-BR-3). For this purpose, bioimpedance measurements were carried out at a certain frequency range with the aid of nanoprobes, consisting of magnetic nanoparticles (MNPs) coupled to a monoclonal antibody. The antibody was specific for the predominant cell surface protein for each cell line, which was identified by using RT-qPCR and flow cytometry. Accordingly, EpCAM corresponds to MCF-7, MUC-1 to MDA-MB-231, and HER-2 to SK-BR-3. Despite their low concentrations, BC cells could be detected by impedance spectroscopy. Hence, this methodology should permit the monitoring of circulating tumor cells (CTC) and therefore help to prevent recurrences and metastatic processes during BC treatment.
AIM: We examined methylation patterns with aggressive tumor phenotypes and investigated demographic, socioeconomic and reproductive predictors of gene methylation. MATERIALS & METHODS: Pyrosequencing quantified methylation of BRCA1, EGFR, GSTM2, RASSF1, TFF1 and Sat 2. We used quantile regression models to calculate adjusted median methylation values by estrogen and progesterone receptor (ER/PR) status. Bivariate associations between participant characteristics and methylation were examined. RESULTS: Higher percent methylation of GSTM2 was observed in ER/PR-negative compared with ER/PR-positive tumors in ductal carcinoma in situ (14 vs 2%) and invasive (35 vs 3%) tissue components. Trends in aberrant GSTM2 methylation across tissue components were stronger among ER/PR-negative tumors (p-interaction <0.001). Black women were more likely to have ER/PR-negative tumors (p = 0.01) and show hypermethylation of GSTM2 compared with other women (p = 0.05). CONCLUSION: GSTM2 promoter hypermethylation may serve as a potential biomarker of aggressive tumor development and a mechanism for ER/PR-negative tumor progression.
Targeting and down-regulation of ErbB2, a member of EGF receptor family, is regarded as one of the key aspect for cancer treatment because it is often overexpressed in breast and ovarian cancer cells. Although natural ligands for ErbB2 have not been found, unlike other ErbB receptors, EC-1, a 20-amino acid circular peptide, has been shown to bind to ErbB2 as an artificial ligand. Previously we showed EC-1 peptide did not induce the internalization of ErbB2 in SK-BR-3 cells. In this report, we designed divalent and multivalent forms of EC-1 peptide with the Fc portion of the human IgG and bionanocapsule modified with ZZ-tag on its surface to improve the interaction with ErbB2. These forms showed higher affinity to ErbB2 than that of EC-1 monomer. Furthermore, prominent endosomal accumulation of ErbB2 occurred in SK-BR-3 cells when stimulated with EC-Fc ligand multivalently displayed on the surface of the bionanocapsule, whereas SK-BR-3 cells as themselves displayed stringent mechanism against ErbB2 internalization without stimulation. The multivalent form of EC-1 peptide appeared to internalize ErbB2 more efficiently than divalent form did. This internalization was unaffected by the inhibition of clathrin association, but inhibited when the cholesterol was depleted which explained either caveolar or GPI-AP-early endocytic compartment (GEEC) pathway. Because of the lack of caveolin-1 expression, caveolar machinery may be lost in SK-BR-3 cell line. Therefore, it is suggested that the multivalent form of EC-1 induces the internalization of ErbB2 through the GEEC pathway.
Both gains and losses of DNA methylation are common in cancer, but the factors controlling this balance of methylation remain unclear. Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), a subtype that does not overexpress hormone receptors or HER2/NEU, is one of the most hypomethylated cancers observed. Here, we discovered that the TET1 DNA demethylase is specifically overexpressed in about 40% of patients with TNBC, where it is associated with hypomethylation of up to 10% of queried CpG sites and a worse overall survival. Through bioinformatic analyses in both breast and ovarian cancer cell line panels, we uncovered an intricate network connecting TET1 to hypomethylation and activation of cancer-specific oncogenic pathways, including PI3K, EGFR, and PDGF. TET1 expression correlated with sensitivity to drugs targeting the PI3K-mTOR pathway, and CRISPR-mediated deletion of TET1 in two independent TNBC cell lines resulted in reduced expression of PI3K pathway genes, upregulation of immune response genes, and substantially reduced cellular proliferation, suggesting dependence of oncogenic pathways on TET1 overexpression. Our work establishes TET1 as a potential oncogene that contributes to aberrant hypomethylation in cancer and suggests that TET1 could serve as a druggable target for therapeutic intervention.Significance: This study addresses a critical gap in knowledge of how and why methylation is prognostic in breast cancer and shows how this information can be used to stratify patients with TNBC for targeted therapy. Cancer Res; 78(15); 4126-37. (c)2018 AACR.
BACKGROUND: The current study aims to investigate the expression of HOXA transcript induced by transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) (HIT) in plasma of women with breast cancer and its potential diagnostic value for breast cancer. METHODS: qRT-PCR was used to detect the expression of HIT in breast cancer tissues and the plasma of patients with breast cancer. The correlation between the expression of HIT in plasma and clinicopathological parameters of breast cancer was analyzed. The levels of CAl53 and CEA in plasma were also detected. Operating characteristic (ROC) curve was drawn to evaluate the diagnostic efficacy of plasma HIT for breast cancer. RESULTS: Compared with the adjacent tissues, the expression of HIT in breast cancer tissues was significantly increased. Meanwhile, the level of plasma HIT in the breast cancer group was significantly higher than that in the benign lesion group and healthy control group. The level of plasma HIT expression in breast cancer patients was correlated with estrogen receptor (ER) erbB-2 and lymph node metastasis (p < 0.05); the area under ROC curve (AUC) of plasma HIT in diagnosis of breast cancer alone was 0.827 with the sensitivity and specificity of 57.7% and 86.4%. The diagnostic efficacy of HIT, was significantly higher than that of CAl53 and CEA, and the combined diagnostic value of HIT, CAl53 and CEA was also higher than that of any single detection. CONCLUSIONS: High expression of HIT in plasma may be a potential biomarker for the diagnosis of breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to identified the key genes and sequencing metrics for predicting prognosis and efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (nCT) in rectal cancer (RC) based on genomic DNA sequencing in samples with different origin and multi-omics association database. METHODS: We collected 16 RC patients and obtained DNA sequencing data from cancer tissues and plasma cell-free DNA before and after nCT. Various gene variations were analyzed, including single nucleotide variants (SNV), copy number variation (CNV), tumor mutation burden (TMB), copy number instability (CNI) and mutant-allele tumor heterogeneity (MATH). We also identified genes by which CNV level can differentiate the response to nCT. The Cancer Genome Atlas database and the Clinical Proteomic Tumor Analysis Consortium database were used to further evaluate the specific role of therapeutic relevant genes and screen out the key genes in multi-omics levels. After the intersection of the screened genes from differential expression analysis, survival analysis and principal components analysis dimensionality reduction cluster analysis, the key genes were finally identified. RESULTS: The genes CNV level of principal component genes in baseline blood and cancer tissues could significantly distinguish the two groups of patients. The CNV of HSP90AA1, EGFR, SRC, MTOR, etc. were relatively gained in the better group compared with the poor group in baseline blood. The CNI and TMB was significantly different between the two groups. The increased expression of HSP90AA1, EGFR, and SRC was associated with increased sensitivity to multiple chemotherapeutic drugs. The nCT predictive score obtained by therapeutic relevant genes could be a potential prognostic indicator, and the combination with TMB could further refine prognostic prediction for patients. After a series of analysis in multi-omics association database, EGFR and HSP90AA1 with significant differences in multiple aspects were identified as the key predictive genes related to prognosis and the sensitivity of nCT. DISCUSSION: This work revealed that effective combined application and analysis in multi-omics data are critical to search for predictive biomarkers. The key genes EGFR and HSP90AA1 could serve as an effective biomarker to predict prognose and neoadjuvant chemosensitivity.
BACKGROUND: In hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative early stage breast cancer, cyclin-dependent kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibition in combination with endocrine therapy could represent an alternative to multiagent chemotherapy. We aimed to evaluate the biological and clinical activity of neoadjuvant ribociclib plus letrozole in the luminal B subtype of early stage breast cancer. METHODS: CORALLEEN is a parallel-arm, multicentre, randomised, open-label, phase 2 trial completed across 21 hospitals in Spain. We recruited postmenopausal women (>/=18 years) with stage I-IIIA hormone receptor-positive, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status 0-1, HER2-negative breast cancer and luminal B by PAM50 with histologically confirmed, operable primary tumour size of at least 2 cm in diameter as measured by MRI. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) using a web-based system and permuted blocks of 25 to receive either six 28-days cycles of ribociclib (oral 600 mg once daily for 3 weeks on, 1 week off) plus daily letrozole (oral 2.5 mg/day) or four cycles of doxorubicin (intravenous 60 mg/m(2)) and cyclophosphamide (intravenous 600 mg/m(2)) every 21 days followed by weekly paclitaxel (intravenous 80 mg/m(2)) for 12 weeks. The total duration of the neoadjuvant therapy was 24 weeks. Randomisation was stratified by tumour size and nodal involvement. Samples were prospectively collected at baseline (day 0), day 15, and surgery. The primary endpoint was to evaluate the proportion of patients with PAM50 low-risk-of-relapse (ROR) disease at surgery in the modified intention-to-treat population including all randomly assigned patients who received study drug and had a baseline and at least one post-baseline measurement of ROR score. The PAM50 ROR risk class integrated gene expression data, tumour size, and nodal status to define prognosis. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03248427. FINDINGS: Between July 27, 2017 to Dec 7, 2018, 106 patients were enrolled. At baseline, of the 106 patients, 92 (87%) patients had high ROR disease (44 [85%] of 52 in the ribociclib and letrozole group and 48 [89%] of 54 in the chemotherapy group) and 14 (13%) patients had intermediate-ROR disease (eight [15%] and six [11%]). Median follow-up was 200.0 days (IQR 191.2-206.0). At surgery, 23 (46.9%; 95% CI 32.5-61.7) of 49 patients in the ribociclib plus letrozole group and 24 (46.1%; 32.9-61.5) of 52 patients in the chemotherapy group were low-ROR. The most common grade 3-4 adverse events in the ribociclib plus letrozole group were neutropenia (22 [43%] of 51 patients) and elevated alanine aminotransferase concentrations (ten [20%]). The most common grade 3-4 adverse events in the chemotherapy group were neutropenia (31 [60%] of 52 patients) and febrile neutropenia (seven [13%]). No deaths were observed during the study in either group. INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that some patients with high-risk, early stage, hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer could achieve molecular downstaging of their disease with CDK4/6 inhibitor and endocrine therapy. FUNDING: Novartis, Nanostring, Breast Cancer Research Foundation-AACR Career Development Award.
The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) consists of four members: EGFR1/ErbB1/HER1, ErbB2/HER2, ErbB3/HER3, and HER4/ErbB4. Signaling through these receptors regulates many key cellular activities, such as cell division, migration, adhesion, differentiation, and apoptosis. The ErbB family has been shown to be overexpressed in different types of cancers and is a target of several inhibitors already in clinical trials. ErbB3 lacks a functional tyrosine kinase domain and therefore has not been as extensively studied as the other members of this family, but its importance in activating downstream pathways, such as the PI3K/Akt pathway, makes this RTK a worthy investigation target, especially in urothelial carcinoma where the PI3K/Akt pathway is vital for progression. In recent times, ErbB3 overexpression has been linked to drug resistance and progression of various diseases, especially cancer. ErbB3 levels in the serum were shown in many cases to be reflective of its role in disease progression, and therefore detection of serum ErbB3 levels during treatment may be of importance.Here we describe two methods for detecting ErbB3 protein in serum from patients who have undergone a clinical trial, utilizing two well-established methods in molecular biology-western blotting and ELISA, focusing on sample preparation and troubleshooting.
Multiple signalling events interact in cancer cells. Oncogenic Ras cooperates with Egfr, which cannot be explained by the canonical signalling paradigm. In turn, Egfr cooperates with Hedgehog signalling. How oncogenic Ras elicits and integrates Egfr and Hedgehog signals to drive overgrowth remains unclear. Using a Drosophila tumour model, we show that Egfr cooperates with oncogenic Ras via Arf6, which functions as a novel regulator of Hh signalling. Oncogenic Ras induces the expression of Egfr ligands. Egfr then signals through Arf6, which regulates Hh transport to promote Hh signalling. Blocking any step of this signalling cascade inhibits Hh signalling and correspondingly suppresses the growth of both, fly and human cancer cells harbouring oncogenic Ras mutations. These findings highlight a non-canonical Egfr signalling mechanism, centered on Arf6 as a novel regulator of Hh signalling. This explains both, the puzzling requirement of Egfr in oncogenic Ras-mediated overgrowth and the cooperation between Egfr and Hedgehog.
Trastuzumab emtansine is an antibody-drug conjugate comprised of the anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody trastuzumab linked to DM1 (emtansine), a potent cytotoxic maytansinoid derivative, by a stable linker. This structure results in improved tumor-directed cytotoxicity in HER2+ breast cancer with reduced systemic toxicities, particularly the cardiac toxicities associated with single agent trastuzumab. Phase III trials have demonstrated improved progression-free and overall survival in heavily pretreated patients with advanced HER2+ breast cancer, with an acceptable toxicity profile. However, its role in first-line treatment is less clear. Ongoing studies continue to evaluate its role in neoadjuvant and adjuvant management of HER2+ breast cancer.
Amivantamab, an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-c-Met bispecific antibody, targets activating/resistance EGFR mutations and MET mutations/amplifications. In the ongoing CHRYSALIS study (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02609776), amivantamab demonstrated antitumor activity in patients with non-small cell lung cancer harboring EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations (ex20ins) that progressed on or after platinum-based chemotherapy, a population in which amivantamab use has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. This bridging study clinically validated two novel candidate companion diagnostics (CDx) for use in detecting EGFR ex20ins in plasma and tumor tissue, Guardant360 CDx and Oncomine Dx Target Test (ODxT), respectively. From the 81 patients in the CHRYSALIS efficacy population, 78 plasma and 51 tissue samples were tested. Guardant360 CDx identified 62 positive (16 negative), and ODxT identified 39 positive (3 negative), samples with EGFR ex20ins. Baseline demographic and clinical characteristics were similar between the CHRYSALIS-, Guardant360 CDx-, and ODxT-identified populations. Agreement with local PCR/next-generation sequencing tests used for enrollment into CHRYSALIS demonstrated high adjusted negative (99.6% and 99.9%) and positive (100% for both) predictive values with the Guardant360 CDx and ODxT tests, respectively. Overall response rates were comparable between the CHRYSALIS, Guardant360 CDx, and ODxT populations. Both the plasma- and tissue-based diagnostic tests provided accurate, comprehensive, and complementary approaches to identifying patients with EGFR ex20ins who could benefit from amivantamab therapy.
BACKGROUND: The level of background parenchymal enhancement around tumor is known to be associated with breast cancer risk. However, there is no study investigating predictive power of parenchymal signal enhancement ratio (SER) around tumor for ipsilateral breast tumor recurrence (IBTR). PURPOSE: To investigate whether the breast parenchymal SER around the tumor on preoperative dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is associated with subsequent IBTR in breast cancer patients who had undergone breast-conserving treatment. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Nineteen consecutive women (mean age, 44 years; range, 34-63 years) with breast cancer who developed IBTR following breast-conserving treatment and 114 control women matched for age, as well as T and N stages were included. We compared the clinicopathologic features of the two groups including nuclear grade, histologic grade, hormonal receptor status, human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) status, lymphovascular invasion, negative margin width, use of adjuvant therapy, and parenchymal SER around the tumor on preoperative DCE-MRI. The SER was measured on a slice showing the largest dimension of the tumor. Multivariate conditional logistic regression analysis was used to identify independent factors associated with IBTR. RESULTS: In univariate analysis, ER negativity (odds ratio [OR] = 4.7; P = 0.040), PR negativity (OR = 4.0; P = 0.013), HER-2 positivity (OR = 3.6; P = 0.026), and a parenchymal SER greater than 0.53 (OR = 23.3; P = 0.011) were associated with IBTR. In multivariate analysis, ER negativity (OR = 3.8; P = 0.015) and a parenchymal SER greater than 0.53 (OR = 13.2; P = 0.040) on preoperative MRI were independent factors associated with IBTR. CONCLUSION: In addition to ER negativity, a higher parenchymal SER on preoperative MRI was an independent factor associated with subsequent IBTR in patients with breast cancer who had undergone breast-conserving treatment.
This review discusses peptide epitopes used as antigens in the development of vaccines in clinical trials as well as future vaccine candidates. It covers peptides used in potential immunotherapies for infectious diseases including SARS-CoV-2, influenza, hepatitis B and C, HIV, malaria, and others. In addition, peptides for cancer vaccines that target examples of overexpressed proteins are summarized, including human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER-2), mucin 1 (MUC1), folate receptor, and others. The uses of peptides to target cancers caused by infective agents, for example, cervical cancer caused by human papilloma virus (HPV), are also discussed. This review also provides an overview of model peptide epitopes used to stimulate non-specific immune responses, and of self-adjuvanting peptides, as well as the influence of other adjuvants on peptide formulations. As highlighted in this review, several peptide immunotherapies are in advanced clinical trials as vaccines, and there is great potential for future therapies due the specificity of the response that can be achieved using peptide epitopes.
Prostate cancer highly metastasizes to bone, and such cancer is associated with severe bone resorption and bone formation at the site of metastasis. Prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) promotes bone resorption in inflammatory diseases; however, the roles in prostate cancer-induced bone formation are still unclear. In the present study, we investigated the effects of membrane-bound TGF-alpha on prostate cancer-induced bone formation through autocrine PGE(2) signaling in osteoblasts. In the prostate cancer explant experiment into tibiae, injected prostate cancer cells induced bone formation with the increased expression of osteogenic genes, such as Runx2 and Wnt5a, and prostaglandin synthase Ptgs2. In osteoblasts, PGE(2) increased the number of calcified bone nodules with enhanced expression of Runx2 and Wnt5a. We also screened the factors involved in cancer progression, and 11 EGF family members were found to be expressed in the human prostate cancer cell line PC3. PC3 highly expressed amphiregulin, HB-EGF, and especially TGF-alpha. Treatment with recombinant TGF-alpha increased the Ptgs2 expression and PGE(2) production in osteoblasts, which promoted the formation of calcified bone nodules, suggesting that the interaction between PC3 and osteoblasts promoted PGE(2) production. In co-culture of osteoblasts and fixed PC3 cells, the phosphorylation of EGFR and ERK and subsequent Ptgs2 expression and PGE(2) production were increased, an effect that was attenuated by treatment with inhibitors of EGFR and ERK. These results indicate that membrane-bound TGF-alpha enhances ERK signaling while also inducing PGE(2)-mediated bone formation in osteoblasts, thus suggesting that prostate cancer regulates both PGE(2)-mediated bone resorption and bone formation at the site of bone metastasis of prostate cancer.
BACKGROUND: TOB1, a member of the transducer of erbB-2 /B-cell translocation gene family, was detected to be down-regulated in ESCC by RNA sequencing. TOB1-AS1, a head-to-head antisense lncRNA with TOB1, was down-regulated in several cancers. However, the roles of them in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) remained unclarified. AIMS: To investigate the roles and functions of TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 in ESCC tumorigenesis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The expression levels, methylation status, biological function and mechanisms of TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 in ESCC were, respectively, detected. RESULTS: Frequent down-regulation of TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 was verified in esophageal cancer cells and ESCC tissues, and there was a positive correlation between them in ESCC tissues. The CpG sites hypermethylation within proximal promoter of TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 could lead to transcriptional inhibition of both genes. Furthermore, expression and proximal promoter methylation status of TOB1-AS1 or TOB1 may be associated with ESCC patients' prognosis. TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 may function as tumor suppressors by inhibiting growth, migration, and invasion of esophageal cancer cells. Up-regulation of TOB1-AS1 increased expression level of TOB1, and TOB1-AS1 could work as a ceRNA to modulate ATF3 expression via competitively binding with miR-103a-2-5p. Meanwhile, ATF3, as a transcription factor, could regulate transcription of TOB1; down-regulation of TOB1-AS1 in ESCC led to decreased expression of ATF3 through ceRNA mechanism, and further influenced the transcription of TOB1. CONCLUSION: TOB1-AS1 and TOB1 may act as tumor suppressors and may serve as potential targets for antitumor therapy in ESCC.
The third-generation EGFR-TKI osimertinib is widely used in EGFR-mutated positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, but drug resistance is inevitable. The currently known mechanisms only explain resistance in a small proportion of patients. For most patients, the mechanism of osimertinib resistance is still unclear, especially for EGFR-independent resistance. Herein, we thoroughly investigated the novel mechanism of osimertinib resistance and treatment strategies. We identified that ST3GAL4, a sialyltransferase, catalyzes terminal glycan sialylation of receptor protein tyrosine kinases, which induces acquired resistance to osimertinib in vitro and in vivo. In addition, ST3GAL4 is generally overexpressed in osimertinib-resistant patients with unknown resistance mechanisms. ST3GAL4 modifies MET glycosylation on N785 with sialylation, which antagonizes K48-related ubiquitin-dependent MET degradation and subsequently activates MET and its downstream proliferation signaling pathways. Meanwhile, ST3GAL4 knockdown or inhibition by brigatinib resensitizes resistant non-small cell lung cancer cells to osimertinib in vitro and in vivo This study suggests that ST3GAL4 can induce acquired resistance to osimertinib, which may be an important EGFR-independent resistance mechanism Furthermore, targeting ST3GAL4 with brigatinib provides new strategies to overcome osimertinib resistance.
Celecoxib (Celebrex) is a cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) selective inhibitor and gefitinib (Iressa(R), ZD1839) is a selective epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor for human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The addition of celecoxib to gefitinib to prolong the survival of patients with NSCLC still remains controversial and needs to be investigated. The Rad51 protein is essential for homologous recombination repair, and is overexpressed in chemo- or radioresistant carcinomas. In this study, we characterize the role of celecoxib in the cytotoxicity, ERK1/2 activation and Rad51 expression affected by gefitinib in NSCLC cells. We show that celecoxib can enhance the cytotoxicity induced by gefitinib in NSCLC cells. Treatment with celecoxib alone has no effect on the ERK1/2 activation, Rad51 mRNA and protein levels, however, combined treatment with gefitinib results in a significant reduction of phospho-ERK1/2 and Rad51 protein levels, and triggers the degradation of Rad51 via a 26S proteasome-dependent pathway. Expression of constitutively active MKK1/2 vectors (MKK1/2-CA) significantly rescues the decreased ERK1/2 activity, and restores Rad51 protein levels and cell survival under co-treatment with gefitinib and celecoxib. Furthermore, blocking ERK1/2 activation by U0126 (MKK1/2 inhibitor) and knocking down Rad51 expression by transfection with small interfering RNA of Rad51 can enhance the cytotoxicity of celecoxib.
PURPOSE: Our goal is to leverage publicly available whole transcriptome and genome-wide CRISPR-Cas9 screen data to identify and prioritize novel breast cancer therapeutic targets. METHODS: We used DepMap dependency scores > 0.5 to identify genes that are potential therapeutic targets in 48 breast cancer cell lines. We removed genes that were pan-essential or were not expressed in TCGA breast cancer cohort. Genes were prioritized based on druggability using the Drug-Gene Interaction Database. Targets were defined separately for ER+, HER2+, and TNBC. A broader list of genes with dependency score > 0.25 were used to assess the associations between dependency scores and mutations and copy number variations (CNV) to identify potential synthetic lethal relationships and to map survival critical genes into biological pathways. RESULTS: 66, 53, and 29 genes were prioritized as targets in ER+, HER2+, and TNBC, respectively. These included known actionable targets and many novel targets. ER+ included FOXA1, GATA3, LDB1, TRPS1, NAMPT, WDR26, and ZNF217; HER2+ cancers included STX4, HECTD1, and TBL1XR1; and TNBC included GFPT1 and GPX4. Synthetic lethal associations revealed 5 and 19 significant associations between potential survival critical genes and mutations in HER2+ and TNBC, respectively. For example, PIK3CA mutation increased dependency on NDUFS3 in HER2+ cancers, and CNTRL mutation increased dependency on electron transport chain (ETC) genes in TNBC. 329, 747, and 622 CNVs showed synthetic lethal association in ER+, HER2+, and TNBC, respectively. CONCLUSION: We provide a genome-wide drug target prioritization list for breast cancer derived from integrated large-scale omics data.
BACKGROUND: Systematic in vitro loss-of-function screens provide valuable resources that can facilitate the discovery of drugs targeting cancer vulnerabilities. RESULTS: We develop a deep learning-based method to predict tumor-specific vulnerabilities in patient samples by leveraging a wealth of in vitro screening data. Acquired dependencies of tumors are inferred in cases in which one allele is disrupted by inactivating mutations or in association with oncogenic mutations. Nucleocytoplasmic transport by Ran GTPase is identified as a common vulnerability in Her2-positive breast cancers. Vulnerability to loss of Ku70/80 is predicted for tumors that are defective in homologous recombination and rely on nonhomologous end joining for DNA repair. Our experimental validation for Ran, Ku70/80, and a proteasome subunit using patient-derived cells shows that they can be targeted specifically in particular tumors that are predicted to be dependent on them. CONCLUSION: This approach can be applied to facilitate the development of precision therapeutic targets for different tumors.
PURPOSE: This study aims to investigate the change of Ki67 value pre- and post-neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) and evaluate its potential value in predicting survival outcomes in different molecular subtypes of breast cancer. METHODS: A total of 257 breast cancer patients who underwent NAT at Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University from July 2019 to Sep 2023 were included in this study. The Ki67 index of the patients was re-interpreted by two attending physicians, and the changes of Ki67 value pre- and post-NAT were compared. Chi-square test (chi(2)) and logistic regression were conducted to examine the correlation between various characteristics and the efficacy of NAT. Disease-free survival (DFS) was calculated using the Kaplan-Meier curve and compared using the log-rank test. RESULTS: Patients with higher histological grade, negative expression of estrogen receptor (ER) or progesterone receptor (PR), positive expression of human epidermal growth receptor 2 (HER2), higher pretreatment Ki67 index, absence of lymph node metastasis, and those with HER2 positive and triple-negative breast cancer were associated with improved efficacy of NAT. Our study identified that the optimal cut-off value for the changes in Ki67 index pre- and post-NAT related to the effectiveness of NAT was "-88.19%" in whole chort, which was related to the aforementioned clinical characteristics. Besides, the optimal cut-off values for the luminal, HER2-enriched and triple-negative subtypes were "-91.83%", "-46.12%" and "-81.67%", respectively. Survival analysis demonstrated that the changes in Ki67 value were significantly associated with DFS in the HER2-enriched and triple-negative subtype, but not in the luminal subtype. CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative clinicopathological features and changes in Ki67 value pre-and post-NAT can contribute to providing patients with a more accurate prognosis.
Purpose To update evidence-based guideline recommendations for practicing oncologists and others on systemic therapy for patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive advanced breast cancer to 2018. Methods An Expert Panel conducted a targeted systematic literature review (for both systemic treatment and CNS metastases) and identified 622 articles. Outcomes of interest included overall survival, progression-free survival, and adverse events. Results Of the 622 publications identified and reviewed, no additional evidence was identified that would warrant a change to the 2014 recommendations. Recommendations HER2-targeted therapy is recommended for patients with HER2-positive advanced breast cancer, except for those with clinical congestive heart failure or significantly compromised left ventricular ejection fraction, who should be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Trastuzumab, pertuzumab, and taxane for first-line treatment and trastuzumab emtansine for second-line treatment are recommended. In the third-line setting, clinicians should offer other HER2-targeted therapy combinations or trastuzumab emtansine (if not previously administered) and may offer pertuzumab if the patient has not previously received it. Optimal duration of chemotherapy is at least 4 to 6 months or until maximum response, depending on toxicity and in the absence of progression. HER2-targeted therapy can continue until time of progression or unacceptable toxicities. For patients with HER2-positive and estrogen receptor-positive/progesterone receptor-positive breast cancer, clinicians may recommend either standard first-line therapy or, for selected patients, endocrine therapy plus HER2-targeted therapy or endocrine therapy alone. Additional information is available at www.asco.org/breast-cancer-guidelines .
The aim of this study was to apply a network toxicology strategy to investigate the potential toxicity and the molecular mechanisms underlying the aging-induced toxicity of acetyl tributyl citrate (ATBC). Utilizing the ChEMBL, SwissTargetPrediction, and CellAge databases, we identified 32 potential targets associated with ATBC exposure and aging. Subsequent optimization by STRING and Cytoscape software highlighted 11 core targets, including EGFR, STAT3, and BCL-2. A comprehensive analysis of Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways revealed that core targets of ATBC-induced senescence were predominantly enriched in pathways related to the positive regulation of cell proliferation, telomere shortening, cancer, and cellular senescence. Among these pathways, we selected four core genes of the cellular senescence pathway (MAPK14, CDK2, MDM2, and PIK3CA) for molecular docking with Autodock, which confirmed the high binding affinity between ATBC and the core targets. In conclusion, these findings indicate that ATBC may contribute to human aging by modulating the positive regulation of cell proliferation, the telomere shortening pathway, the cancer-related pathway, and the cellular senescence pathway. This study establishes a theoretical basis for exploring the molecular mechanisms of human aging induced by ATBC, alongside a systematic and effective framework for researchers to assess the potential toxicity of various chemical products.
Targeted therapies affecting specific molecular target, expressed preferentially by neoplastic cells, block cancer growth. Current targets are represented by cell-surface trans-membrane proteins, intracellular proteins, and by growth factors. Today a targeted therapy exists for most commonly diagnosed types of human cancer often combined with chemotherapy or sometimes as monotherapy option. The epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFR) and vascular endothelial growth factors (VEGF) are known as the two main control key intracellular pathways, governing fundamental processes in cancer cells. The concept of using anti-EGFR and anti-VEGF strategies, as cancer treatment, has been recently developed and exploited extensively. We review targeted drugs currently available for routine treatment of lung, breast, colorectal and renal cell cancers, summarizing the history of identification and molecular characterization of targets or signaling pathways responsible for abnormal cell growth. We also focus on new targeted strategies, still under investigation, able to affect simultaneously tightly interconnected biological pathways or directed against new molecular targets.
The present study aimed at evaluating whether a weekly cisplatin, epirubicin, and paclitaxel (PET) regimen could increase the pathological complete response (pCR) rate in comparison with a tri-weekly epirubicin and paclitaxel administration in locally advanced breast cancer (LABC) patients. Patients with stage IIIB disease were randomised to receive either 12 weekly cycles of cisplatin 30 mg m(-2), epirubicin 50 mg m(-2), and paclitaxel 120 mg m(-2) (PET) plus granulocyte-colony stimulating factor support, or four cycles of epirubicin 90 mg m(-2)+paclitaxel 175 mg m(-2) (ET) every 3 weeks. Overall, 200 patients (PET/ET=100/100) were included in this study. A pCR in both breast and axilla occurred in 16 (16%) PET patients and in six (6%) ET patients (P=0.02). The higher activity of PET was evident only in ER negative (27.5 vs 5.4%; P=0.026), and in HER/neu positive (31 vs 5%; P=0.037) tumours. The two arms yielded similar pCR rate in ER positive (PET/ET=7.5/7.1%) and HER/neu negative (PET/ET=10/6%) patients. At a 39 months median follow-up, 70 patients showed a progression or relapses (PET, 32 vs ET, 38). Anaemia, mucositis, peripheral neuropathy, and gastrointestinal toxicity were substantially more frequent in the PET arm. The PET weekly regimen is superior to ET in terms of pCR rate in LABC patients with ER negative and/or HER2 positive tumours Mature data in terms of disease-free and overall survival are needed to ascertain whether this approach could improve the prognosis of these subsets of LABC patients.
Magee Equations (ME) are multivariable models that can estimate oncotype DX((R)) recurrence score. One of the equations, Magee Equation 3 (ME3) which utilizes only semi-quantitative receptor results has been shown to provide chemopredictive value in the neoadjuvant setting in a single institutional study. This multi-institutional study (seven institutions contributed cases) was undertaken to examine the validity of ME3 in predicting response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in estrogen receptor positive, HER2-negative breast cancers. Stage IV cases were excluded. The primary endpoint was the pathologic complete response (pCR) rate in different categories of ME3 scores calculated based on receptor results in the pre-therapy core biopsy. A total of 166 cases met the inclusion criteria. The patient age ranged from 24 to 83 years (median 53 years). The average pre-therapy tumor size was 3.9 cm, and axillary lymph nodes were confirmed positive by pre-therapy core biopsy in 85 of 166 cases (51%). The pCR rate according to ME3 scores was 0% (0 of 64) in ME3 < 18, 0% (0 of 46) in ME3 18-25, 14% (3 of 21) in ME3 > 25 to <31, and 40% (14 of 35) in ME3 score 31 or higher (p value: <0.0001). There were no distant recurrences and no deaths in the 17 patients with pCR. In the remaining 149 cases with residual disease, ME3 score of >25 was significantly associated with shorter distant recurrence-free survival and showed a trend for shorter breast cancer-specific survival. The results of this multi-institutional study are similar to previously published data from a single institution (PMID: 28548119) and confirm the chemo-predictive value of ME3 in the neoadjuvant setting. In addition, ME3 may provide prognostic information in patients with residual disease which should be further evaluated.
Crizotinib, a small molecular tyrosine kinase inhibitor, manifests dramatic responses in patients with non-small cell lung cancer with echinoderm microtubule associated protein like 4-anaplastic lymphoma kinase (EML4-ALK) rearrangements. ALK gene point mutation is the primary mechanism of acquired crizotinib resistance; however, the intrinsic mechanism is not fully understood. Here, we report a patient with a low mutant allele fraction (MAF) of EML4-ALK rearrangement, who experienced primary resistance to crizotinib treatment. The patient was a 66-year-old Chinese man, who had a history of metastatic lung cancer and was treated with first- and third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR TKIs). After 14 months of osimertinib treatment, his disease progressed, and next-generation sequencing was performed from a liquid biopsy of the patient's blood. An EML4-ALK rearrangement was found and crizotinib was administered. The patient's lung lesions continued to progress after one month of crizotinib treatment, and pemetrexed-bevacizumab was initiated. After two cycles of chemotherapy, the metastatic cancers shrunk, and the patient maintained stable disease at his last follow-up. EML4-ALK rearrangements can happen in patients with EGFR-positive NSCLC, after acquired resistance to EGFR TKI treatment. The EGFR T790M and C797G mutations occur in cis is a critical mechanism of resistance to osimertinib therapy. The MAF of EML4-ALK rearrangements in cancer cells might be a predictive factor for crizotinib treatment.
PURPOSE: Lapatinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR/HER1), and there are concerns about its cardiac toxicity. Recent studies of lapatinib have reported cardiac adverse events; however, the results have been inconsistent among the studies. The aim of our study was to estimate the cardiac toxicity of lapatinib in patients with breast cancer and other HER2-positive cancers. METHODS: To evaluate the cardiotoxicity of lapatinib, the results of previous studies were quantitatively integrated using meta-analysis. Forty-five articles regarding cardiac adverse events, including left ventricular dysfunction, left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) decrease, arrhythmia, and other cardiac adverse events, were assessed. As a subgroup analysis in patients with breast cancer, 26 studies of lapatinib-induced cardiac adverse events were assessed. RESULTS: The overall incidence of cardiac adverse events was 2.70% (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.60-4.50%). The incidences of left ventricular dysfunction and LVEF decrease were 1.60% (95% CI 1.30-2.00%) and 2.20% (95% CI 1.30-3.60%), respectively. The overall incidence of cardiac adverse events was 3.00% (95% CI 1.50-6.10%) in patients with breast cancer, which was marginally higher than the rate in patients with all type of cancers. CONCLUSION: The overall incidence of lapatinib-induced cardiac toxicity was relatively low based on an indirect comparison with trastuzumab. However, careful monitoring of cardiac toxicity is still needed when patients are treated with lapatinib because the related risk factors have not been clearly identified.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of our study is to report the outcomes at a center that routinely uses breast MRI for preoperative staging, regardless of lesion histology or patient characteristics. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Five hundred ninety-two patients with recently diagnosed breast cancer who underwent staging with preoperative breast MRI between January 1, 2003, and April 30, 2007, were reviewed. Five hundred seventy patients comprised the analysis set. Patient age, breast density, index tumor histology, receptor status (ER, PR, and HER2), and lymph node status were recorded. Biopsy rates, positive predictive values (PPVs) of biopsy, and overall cancer yield were calculated and compared using the chi-square test across patient age, mammographic breast density, index tumor type, receptor status, and lymph node status. RESULTS: Biopsy was recommended and performed for 152 of 570 (27%) patients found to have one or more suspicious lesions on MRI distinct from the index cancer. Sixty-seven of 152 women who underwent biopsy had additional cancers diagnosed, for a PPV of 44%. Overall, 12% (67/570) of women had otherwise occult cancers diagnosed by MRI, with 8% having additional sites or greater extent of ipsilateral disease and 4% having unsuspected contralateral cancer detected by MRI alone. No significant differences were found in the probability of detecting an occult cancer on the basis of patient age, breast density, index tumor characteristics, or lymph node status. CONCLUSION: Breast MRI detects otherwise occult cancer with an overall added cancer yield of 12% and a high PPV of 44% when applied to a diverse population of patients with newly diagnosed breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: Personalizing non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) therapy toward oncogene addicted pathway inhibition is effective. Hence, the ability to determine a more comprehensive genotype for each case is becoming essential to optimal cancer care. METHODS: We developed a multiplexed PCR-based assay (SNaPshot) to simultaneously identify >50 mutations in several key NSCLC genes. SNaPshot and FISH for ALK translocations were integrated into routine practice as Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments-certified tests. Here, we present analyses of the first 589 patients referred for genotyping. RESULTS: Pathologic prescreening identified 552 (95%) tumors with sufficient tissue for SNaPshot; 51% had >/=1 mutation identified, most commonly in KRAS (24%), EGFR (13%), PIK3CA (4%) and translocations involving ALK (5%). Unanticipated mutations were observed at lower frequencies in IDH and beta-catenin. We observed several associations between genotypes and clinical characteristics, including increased PIK3CA mutations in squamous cell cancers. Genotyping distinguished multiple primary cancers from metastatic disease and steered 78 (22%) of the 353 patients with advanced disease toward a genotype-directed targeted therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Broad genotyping can be efficiently incorporated into an NSCLC clinic and has great utility in influencing treatment decisions and directing patients toward relevant clinical trials. As more targeted therapies are developed, such multiplexed molecular testing will become a standard part of practice.
Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) comprises approximately 85% of all lung cancer cases, often diagnosed at advanced stages, which diminishes the effective treatment options and survival rates. This systematic review assesses the utility of emerging biomarkers-circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA), microRNAs (miRNAs), and the blood tumor mutational burden (bTMB)-enhanced by next-generation sequencing (NGS) to improve the diagnostic accuracy, prognostic evaluation, and treatment strategies in NSCLC. Analyzing data from 37 studies involving 10,332 patients from 2020 to 2024, the review highlights how biomarkers like ctDNA and PD-L1 expression critically inform the selection of personalized therapies, particularly beneficial in the advanced stages of NSCLC. These biomarkers are critical for prognostic assessments and in dynamically adapting treatment plans, where high PD-L1 expression and specific genetic mutations (e.g., ALK fusions, EGFR mutations) significantly guide the use of targeted therapies and immunotherapies. The findings recommend integrating these biomarkers into standardized clinical pathways to maximize their potential in enhancing the treatment precision, ultimately fostering significant advancements in oncology and improving patient outcomes and quality of life. This review substantiates the prognostic and predictive value of these biomarkers and emphasizes the need for ongoing innovation in biomarker research.
Afatinib is used to treat non-small cell lung cancer cells (NSCLC), and its mechanism involves irreversible inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase. In this study, we examined if afatinib had cytotoxic action against NSCLC other than inhibition of tyrosine kinase. Afatinib (1-30 muM) caused apoptotic death in A549 NSCLC in a concentration-dependent manner. Afatinib triggered Ca(2+) influx without causing Ca(2+) release, and the Ca(2+) influx was unaffected by sodium orthovanadate (SOV, an inhibitor of tyrosine phosphatase), suggesting that afatinib-triggered Ca(2+) response was unrelated to its inhibition of tyrosine kinase. Addition of afatinib also promoted Mn(2+) influx. Ca(2+) influx triggered by afatinib was resistant to SKF96365 and ruthenium red (two general blockers of TRP channels) and, unexpectedly, Ni(2+) (a non-specific Ca(2+) channel blocker). Afatinib caused an increase in mitochondrial Ca(2+) level, an initial mitochondrial hyperpolarization (4 h) and followed by mitochondrial potential collapse (24-48 h). Afatinib-induced cell death was slightly but significantly alleviated in low extracellular Ca(2+) condition or under pharmacological block of mitochondrial permeability transition pore (MPTP) opening by cyclosporin A. Therefore, in addition to tyrosine kinase inhibition as a major anti-cancer mechanism of afatinib, stimulation of an atypical Ca(2+) influx pathway, mitochondrial Ca(2+) overload, and potential collapse in part contribute to afatinib-induced cell death.
Estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PgR) status are predictive factors for the clinical and pathological response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy for operable breast cancer. However, it remains unclear as to how the proportion of ER-positive or PgR-positive tumor cells affects the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. We examined the correlation of the proportion of ER-positive or PgR-positive tumor cells with the clinical and pathological response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy for operable human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative breast cancer. From April 2002 to October 2010, 103 patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy containing epirubicin and taxane in our clinic. A clinical response was observed in 86 (83%) patients, and a pathological complete response (pCR) was observed in 16 (16%) patients. Fourteen (30%) of 46 patients with ER-negative tumors achieved pCR and 15 (26%) of 57 patients with PgR-negative tumors achieved pCR. Patients with more than 30% ER-positive tumor cells or more than 1% PgR-positive tumor cells did not achieve pCR. No significant correlation was observed between pCR and the menopausal status, tumor size, grade and Ki-67 expression. In univariate analysis, pCR was associated with the ER status (p=0.001), PgR status (p=0.0001) and chemotherapy regimens (p=0.03). Multivariate analysis revealed that ER and PgR status were significant factors for pCR, and patients with ER-negative tumors were 18.6 times more likely to achieve pCR than those with greater than or equal to 30% ER-positive tumor cells (p=0.006; 95% confidence interval 2.3-149.9). We demonstrated a predictive significance of the proportion of ER-positive or PgR-positive tumor cells in the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy for operable HER2-negative breast cancer. ER-negativity (<1%) was a significant predictive factor for achieving pCR in multivariate analysis. Conversely, patients with more than 30% ER-positive tumor cells or more than 1% PgR-positive tumor cells may not achieve pCR.
Background and objectives: Microwave thermal ablation (MWT) is one of the treatment options for kidney cancer. However, for patients over 70 years old the safety and oncological efficacy of this treatment is still controversial. The goal of this study was to compare MWT with open partial nephrectomy (OPN) and to find out whether MWT is preferable in maintaining patient renal function and reducing the risk of postoperative complications. Materials and Methods: Depending on the treatment choice, all patients were divided into two groups: an MWT group and an open kidney resection (OPN) group. Data have been retrospectively collected for 7 years, starting with January 2012 up to January 2019. A total number of 33 patients with exophytic, single small renal masses were treated with either OPN (n = 18) or MWT (n = 15). All patients had histologically proven T1 kidney cancer. MWT was performed for patients who refused to have OPN or in those cases where the collecting system, renal calyx, and great vessels were free from tumor margins of more than 1 cm. Results: In the MWT group a median (IQR) patients' age was 75 years (71-79) years, in the OPN group-71.5 (70-75) years, p = 0.005. A median (IQR) Charleston comorbidity index in the MWT group was 7.5 (5-10) and in the same way in the OPN group it was 5.22 (5-6), p = 0.005. A median (IQR) estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) before surgery was higher in the MWT group 59.9 (49.5-73.8) mL/min/1.73 m(2) vs. 46.2 (42.7-65.8) mL/min/1.73 m(2) in the OPN group, p = 0.12. Three days following the surgery a median (IQR) eGFR was 56.45 (46.6-71.9) in MWT group mL/min/1.73 m(2) vs. 43.45 (38.3-65) mL/min/1.73 m(2)) in the OPN group, p = 0.30. A median (IQR) of primary hemoglobin level was lower in the MWT group compared with the OPN group (134.5 (124-140) g/L vs. 125 (108-138) g/L), p = 0.41. However, after the surgery a median (IQR) lower hemoglobin level was detected in the OPN group (123.5 (111-134) g/L vs. 126 (112-135)), p = 0.53. The median (IQR) duration of the procedure in MWT group was shorter compared with the OPN group (26 (25-30) min vs. 67.5 (55-90) min), p < 0.0001. A median (IQR) hospitalization time was shorter in MWT group (3 (2-3) days vs. 89 (7-11.5) days), p < 0.0001. Pain by the visual analogue scale (VAS) scale the first day after surgery was significantly lower-median (IQR) in the MWT group was 2 (1-3) vs. 4 (3-6)), p = 0.008. Treatment failure rate was numerically higher in MWT (1/15 vs. 0/18, p = 0.56). Conclusions: Pain level on the next day after surgery, mean number of hospitalization and operation time were significantly lower in the MWT group than in the OPN group. The blood loss estimated glomerular filtration rate and oncologic data between the two groups was not statistically significant.
OBJECTIVES: Rab11(Rab11a and Rab11b) localizes primarily along recycling endosomes in cells and is involved in various intracellular trafficking processes, including membrane receptor recycling and secretion of exosomes or small extracellular vesicles (EVs). Although Rab11 is closely associated with the progression and metastasis of various cancer types, little is known about Rab11' role in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). In this study, we investigated the roles of Rab11a and Rab11b in HNSCC. METHODS: The clinical significance of Rab11 expression in HNSCC was investigated using a public database and tissue microarray analysis. Stable cell lines with loss and gain of Rab11a or Rab11b were originally established to investigate their roles in the proliferative, migratory, and invasive capabilities of HNSCC cells. RESULTS: Database analysis revealed a significant association between Rab11b mRNA expression and a favorable patient survival rate in HNSCC. Tissue microarray analysis revealed that Rab11b expression was the highest in normal tissues and gradually decreased across the stages of HNSCC progression. Overexpression of Rab11a or Rab11b resulted in a decrease in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), Epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) exosome secretion, and the migratory and invasive potential of HNSCC cells. The knockdown of Rab11a or Rab11b increased EpCAM/CD9 exosome secretion in addition to the migratory and invasive potential of HNSCC cells. CONCLUSIONS: Rab11 suppresses HNSCC by regulating EGFR recycling and EpCAM exosome secretion in HNSCC cells. Our results indicate that Rab11b is a superior prognostic indicator of HNSCC and holds promise for developing novel therapeutic strategies.
The human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) and hormone receptor status of recurrent breast cancer may change between the tumor and metastases from negative to positive and vice versa, potentially affecting the treatment regimen. Retesting of metastases may therefore be crucial to allow appropriate selection of patients for whom targeted therapy is indicated; however, retesting is not routinely performed. This article recommends that metastases be retested for HER2 and hormone receptor status and provides practical guidance on when and how to retest, as agreed by a panel of expert pathologists with extensive experience of HER2 and hormone receptor testing.
INTRODUCTION: Almost 30% of all women with early-stage breast cancer develop metastases. Treatment of metastatic disease is often based on the immunohistochemical information of the primary tumor, despite possible discordance of the hormone and Her2 receptor status. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to compare the receptor status of the primary tumor with the metastasis, and to evaluate for receptor discordance with regard to the molecular subtype, receptor status, and the localization of the metastases. METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed the data of all consecutive women with metastatic breast cancer, who underwent treatment at the Medical University Vienna between 2009 and 2016. Associations were calculated using the chi(2)or Fisher's exact test; years from primary diagnosis to metastatic disease were calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method. RESULTS: We identified 213 metastatic breast cancer patients, of whom 67 (31.5%) showed a discordant receptor status. Out of 32 patients with luminal A subtype, 14 (43.8%) had a switch of at least one receptor; 27 of 53 patients (50.9%) with luminal B subtype and 21 of 32 patients (65.6%) with Her2+ subtype showed receptor discordance; for triple-negative disease, 5 of 19 patients (36.3%) had a switch of at least one receptor. In 63 samples of bone metastases, 13 (20.6%) had discordant estrogen receptor status (p = 0.04). In 55 samples of bone metastases, 35 (63.3%) had discordant Her2 status (p = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Our data show high rates of receptor discordance in metastatic breast cancer. Apart from the primary tumor, the immunohistochemical receptor status of the metastasis needs to be verified. This can lead to a change in treatment and prognosis.
INTRODUCTION: This document is a summary of the French Intergroup guidelines regarding the management of gastric cancer published in October 2016, available on the website of the French Society of Gastroenterology (SNFGE) (www.tncd.org), updated in October 2017. METHODS: This collaborative work was realized under the auspices of several French medical societies involved in management of gastric cancer. Recommendations are graded in three categories (A-C), according to the amount of evidence found in the literature until July 2017. RESULTS: There are several known risk factors for gastric cancer, including Helicobacter pylori and genetic predispositions, both requiring a specific screening for patients and their relatives. The diagnosis and staging evaluation are essentially based on gastroscopy plus biopsies and computed tomography scan. The endoscopic ultrasonography can be used for superficial tumors in case of discussion for endoscopic resection (T1N0). For local disease (N+ and/or T>T1), the strategic therapy is based on surgery associated with perioperative chemotherapy. In the absence of preoperative treatment (for any raison), the postoperative chemoradiotherapy (or chemotherapy) should be discussed for patients with stage II or III tumor. For metastatic disease, the treatment is based on "palliative" chemotherapy consisting in a doublet or triplet regimens depending of age, performance status and HER2 tumor status. For patients with limited metastatic disease, surgical resection could be discussed in multidisciplinary meeting in case of stable disease after chemotherapy. CONCLUSION: These guidelines in gastric cancer are done to help decision for daily clinical practice. These recommendations are permanently being reviewed. Each individual case must be discussed within a multidisciplinary team.
Oral cancers (OCs), being one of the frequent malignancies in the head and neck region, need prompt diagnosis and treatment. Apart from basic therapeutic modalities, immunotherapy has now been utilized as a novel approach to combat the disease. With the comprehension of the strategies adopted by cancer cells to evade the immune elimination by the body's immune system, targeted immunotherapies have now become the core area of research. The immune expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), programmed cell death protein ligand-1 (PDL-1), etc., are enhanced in OC and have been associated with evasion of the immune system. Targeted immunotherapies now include monoclonal antibodies targeting EGFR like cetuximab and panitumumab, programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) inhibitors like pembrolizumab, cemiplimab, and nivolumab, and PD-L1 inhibitors like atezolizumab, avelumab, and durvalumab. Targeted immunotherapies like chimeric antigen receptor T-cell treatment and small molecule inhibitors are in several clinical trials tried as monotherapy and adjuvant immunotherapy and have shown promising results. Other immunothera-peutic approaches such as cytokines like interferons or interleukins, vaccines, and gene therapy have also been an area of research for the management of OC. However, the cautious selection of appropriate patients with specific immune characteristics as a candidate for immunotherapeutic agents is a crucial component of targeted immunotherapy. This article elaborates on the immune contexture of oral cancer cells, the mechanism of immune evasion by cancer cells, targets for immunotherapies, existent immunotherapeutic agents, and prospects in the field of immunotherapy.
In this study, we aimed to evaluate the clinicopathologic characteristics and prognosis of breast cancer (BC) patients with symptomatic bone marrow metastasis (BMM). Fifty-four BC patients, including patients with and without BMM, were evaluated retrospectively. In particular, the clinicopathologic features and survival of the patients with BMM (n = 27) were assessed and compared with the patients without BMM. All of the patients with BMM also had osseous metastases, and bone was the first site for distant recurrence in the majority of patients in the study group. Anemia was the most frequent symptom at presentation. The median time to BMM was 36.1 months (range 1.6-70.5 months, 95% CI). HER2(+) patients developed BMM earlier than HER2(-) patients (3.2 versus 38.3 months, 95% CI; p = 0.05). Patients with advanced disease at the time of initial BC diagnosis developed BMM earlier than patients with early disease (p = 0.04). Time to development of BMM was significantly shorter in tumors with perinodal infiltration (p = 0.001) and multicentric focus (p = 0.025). Median survival time after the diagnosis of apparent BMM was 6.43 months. Survival after BMM diagnosis in patients with grade III tumors was significantly shorter than in patients with grade I-II tumors (1.43 versus 5.36 months, 95% CI; p < 0.001). Systemic therapy after BMM diagnosis significantly prolonged survival (17.3 versus 0.93 months, 95% CI; p < 0.001). Hormone receptor-positive, high-grade, advanced-stage tumors at the time of initial BC diagnosis were more common in patients with BMM. Invasive lobular histology was also more frequent in patients with BMM. In conclusion, the presence of hormone receptor-positive, multicentric, grade III, advanced-stage tumors may be important risk factors for the development of evident BMM in BC patients. Systemic single-agent chemotherapy can prolong survival in these patients. However, multicenter analyses are required to verify these findings.
Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide. Approximately 3-5% of colorectal tumors harbor human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2) amplification which is associated with a higher incidence of intracranial metastasis and overall worse outcomes. In the setting of refractory metastatic RAS wild-type tumors, evidence supports the use of various HER2-blocking agents, including monoclonal antibodies, tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and novel antibody-drug conjugates. With a number of relatively active agents clinically available and even more in development, it is crucial for clinicians to familiarize themselves with the mechanisms of action, efficacy data, and safety profiles of these treatments. In this review, we aim to summarize key findings from past and ongoing trials with anti-HER2 agents in metastatic colorectal cancer.
In patients with metastatic gastric cancer, median overall survival remains under 1 year and standard chemotherapy regimens are not able to substantially improve the prognosis of the patients. Amplification and over-expression of HER2 is reported in approximately 20% of gastric tumours, challenging the use of targeted therapies. There are several targeted therapies in different stages of clinical development with trastuzumab being the first overcoming the regulatory hurdle and getting European Medicines Agency approval. In patients with advanced gastric or gastro-oesophageal junction cancer, addition of trastuzumab to chemotherapy significantly improved overall survival compared with chemotherapy alone. Addition of trastuzumab to chemotherapy did not increase the incidence of adverse events. Other agents targeting the HER2 pathway (lapatinib) or other domains of epidermal growth factor receptor family (cetuximab) are currently being investigated for the treatment of an advanced gastric cancer.
PURPOSE: Trastuzumab-DM1 (T-DM1) is an antibody-drug conjugate that uses trastuzumab to specifically deliver the maytansinoid antimicrotubule agent DM1 to HER2-positive cells. This first-in-human study of T-DM1 evaluated safety, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary activity of T-DM1 in patients with advanced HER2-positive breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Successive cohorts of patients who had progressed on trastuzumab-based therapy received escalating doses of T-DM1. Outcomes were assessed by standard solid-tumor phase I methods. RESULTS: Twenty-four patients who had received a median of four prior chemotherapeutic agents for metastatic disease received T-DM1 at 0.3 mg/kg to 4.8 mg/kg on an every-3-weeks schedule. Transient thrombocytopenia was dose-limiting at 4.8 mg/kg; the maximum-tolerated dose (MTD) was 3.6 mg/kg. The half-life of T-DM1 at the MTD was 3.5 days, with peak DM1 levels < 10 ng/mL. Clearance at doses < 1.2 mg/kg was faster than at higher doses. Common drug-related adverse events (AEs) included grade < or = 2 thrombocytopenia, elevated transaminases, fatigue, nausea, and anemia. No grade > 1 nausea, vomiting, alopecia, or neuropathy events and no cardiac effects requiring dose modification were reported. The clinical benefit rate (objective response plus stable disease at 6 months) among 15 patients treated at the MTD was 73%, including five objective responses. The confirmed response rate in patients with measurable disease at the MTD (n = 9) was 44%. CONCLUSION: At the MTD of 3.6 mg/kg every 3 weeks, T-DM1 was associated with mild, reversible toxicity and substantial clinical activity in a heavily pretreated population. Phase II and III trials in patients with advanced HER2-positive breast cancer are under way.
Liquid biopsy has been adapted as a diagnostic test for EGFR mutations in patients with advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) has been widely used for the rapid detection of pathogens through DNA amplification. This study investigated the efficacy of an EGFR-LAMP assay using plasma samples of patients with resected NSCLC tumors. The EGFR status was investigated using both LAMP and next-generation sequencing (NGS) assays in cases that met the following criteria: (1) pulmonary adenocarcinoma with EGFR mutation detected by the Therascreen EGFR PCR Kit and (2) preoperative plasma samples contained enough DNA for the LAMP and NGS experiments. Among 51 specimens from patients with EGFR-mutated tumors or metastatic lymph nodes, the LAMP assay detected 1 EGFR mutation that was also detected in the NGS assay. However, a plasma sample that demonstrated EGFR wild type in the LAMP assay showed an EGFR mutant status in NGS. The detection rates (1.9% in LAMP and 3.9% in NGS) were very low in both assays, demonstrating a similar performance in detecting EGFR mutations in NSCLC tumors; therefore, it could be a more suitable test for the advanced stage, not the early stage. Notably, the LAMP assay was more time-saving, cost-effective, and straightforward. However, further investigation is required to develop a more sensitive assay.
Recent complicated advances towards the blueprinting of the altered molecular networks that lie behind cancer development have paved the way for targeted therapy in cancer. This directed a significant part of the research community to the development of specialized targeted agents, many of which are already available or in clinical trials. The prospect of patient-tailored therapeutic strategies, although very close to becoming a reality also raises the level of complexity of the therapeutic approach. This review summarizes the functions, in vivo expression patterns and aberrations of factors presently targeted or representing potential targets by therapeutic agents, focusing on those implicated in death receptor-induced apoptosis. The authors overview the regulation of these factors and death receptor-induced apoptosis by classical oncogenes (e.g., RAS, MYC, HER2) and their effectors/regulators, most of which are also being targeted. In addition, the importance of orthologic systemic approaches in future patient-tailored therapies are discussed.
Cetuximab, an antibody directed against the epidermal growth factor receptor, is an effective clinical therapy for patients with colorectal, head and neck, and non-small cell lung cancer, particularly for those with KRAS and BRAF wild-type cancers. Treatment in all patients is limited eventually by the development of acquired resistance, but little is known about the underlying mechanism. Here, we show that activation of ERBB2 signaling in cell lines, either through ERBB2 amplification or through heregulin up-regulation, leads to persistent extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 signaling and consequently to cetuximab resistance. Inhibition of ERBB2 or disruption of ERBB2/ERBB3 heterodimerization restores cetuximab sensitivity in vitro and in vivo. A subset of colorectal cancer patients who exhibit either de novo or acquired resistance to cetuximab-based therapy has ERBB2 amplification or high levels of circulating heregulin. Collectively, these findings identify two distinct resistance mechanisms, both of which promote aberrant ERBB2 signaling, that mediate cetuximab resistance. Moreover, these results suggest that ERBB2 inhibitors, in combination with cetuximab, represent a rational therapeutic strategy that should be assessed in patients with cetuximab-resistant cancers.
HER-2 (ErbB-2, c-erbB2 or Her2/neu), a member of the HER-family, is directly involved in the pathogenesis and progression of several human cancers; as such, it is also often considered as a poor prognostic factor. Following the revolutionary impact of anti-HER-2 therapy in breast cancer patients, the role of HER-2 and its blockade has also been extensively evaluated in other tumor types, including gastric and colorectal adenocarcinoma. The aims of this review are to recall the important results achieved with the use of HER-2 inhibitors in both gastric and colorectal cancer, and to discuss on the updates available on the role of HER-2 as prognostic and predictive factor in these malignancies.
Targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring sensitizing mutations in the tyrosine kinase (TKI) domain has led to a significant change in the management of this disease. The classic or sensitizing mutations are G719X mutation in exon 18, in-frame deletions or insertion of exon 19, L858R or L861Q mutation in exon 21. Approximately 90% of these mutations are exon 19 deletion or exon 21 L858R point mutation. Gefitinib and erlotinib are reversible first-generation inhibitors of mutant EGFR, and treatment with these agents in the first-line setting has demonstrated a progression-free survival of 9.5-13.7 months. However, the majority of these patients ultimately develop resistance to these drugs. Afatinib is an irreversible pan-ErbB inhibitor that was developed to circumvent the problem of resistance to first-generation TKIs. The LUX-Lung studies have evaluated the efficacy and toxicities of afatinib in treatment-naive and refractory NSCLC patients. The promising results of some of these trials led to approval of afatinib by the US Food and Drug Administration for patients with advanced NSCLC and EGFR exon 19 deletions or exon 21 (L858R) substitution mutations. Afatinib causes toxicities similar to those of the first-generation EGFR TKIs, such as diarrhea, rash, acne, and stomatitis, and overall is well tolerated. This article focuses on the clinical studies of afatinib in patients with NSCLC.
BACKGROUND: This study evaluated the distribution of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M mutations in treatment-naive tumor and normal samples obtained from cancer patients. METHODS: We utilized allele-specific PCR (AS-PCR), digital droplet PCR (ddPCR) and next generation sequencing (NGS) to detect EGFR T790M allele in several collections of tumor and normal human tissues. RESULTS: AS-PCR analysis of treatment-naive tumor samples revealed somatic T790M mutation in 3/394 (1%) non-small cell lung carcinomas (NSCLC) carrying the tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)-sensitizing EGFR mutation, but in none of 334 NSCLC lacking EGFR exon 19 deletions (ex19del) or L858R substitutions and in none of 235 non-lung tumors. Use of highly sensitive and quantitative assays, such as ddPCR and NGS, produced a high number of T790M-specific signals even in presumably T790M-negative DNA specimens. This background noise was evidently higher in degraded DNA isolated from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues as compared to high molecular weight DNA. A combination of AS-PCR, ddPCR and NGS revealed mosaic EGFR T790M allele in 2/68 (3%) NSCLC treated with the first-generation TKI. Both these tumors produced evident and durable response to gefitinib. CONCLUSION: Detection of mosaic EGFR T790M mutation in treatment-naive samples may be compromised by yet unresolved technical issues and may have limited clinical value.
OBJECTIVES: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are less effective in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. However, a small percentage of patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC do respond, and the characteristics of these patients are not known. Here, we identify the characteristics of patients who may respond to ICI therapy for EGFR-mutant NSCLC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The medical records of NSCLC patients with EGFR mutations who received PD-1/PD-L1 antibody monotherapy at nine institutions were reviewed. RESULTS: In total, 58 patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC were analyzed. Various clinical factors such as smoking history and EGFR mutation type were not associated with progression-free survival (PFS) of ICIs, while the PFS of prior EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) was inversely associated with that of ICIs. Patients who responded to prior EGFR TKIs for > 10 months exhibited a significantly shorter response to ICIs compared to those who had responded for </= 10 months (PFS of ICI: 1.6 vs. 1.9 months; hazard ratio: 2.54; 95% confidence interval 1.26-5.12; p = 0.009). However, patients who responded to ICIs for > 6 months responded to prior EGFR TKIs for significantly shorter periods compared to those who responded to ICIs for </= 6 months (PFS of prior EGFR TKI: 5.3 vs. 12.1 months; log-rank test: p = 0.0025). CONCLUSION: The duration of response to prior EGFR TKIs could be a predictive marker of ICI therapy in EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients.
A growing body of evidence suggests that continuing EGFR inhibitors when switching to chemotherapy may not be the right choice for all patients. Nevertheless, a review of recent data about postprogression therapy for patients with EGFR-mutant lung cancer reveals some important caveats that must be considered when choosing the optimal treatment for patients who have progressed on their initial EGFR inhibitor.
Three-dimensional (3D) in vitro microphysiological cultures, such as spheroids and organoids, promise increased patient relevance and therapeutic predictivity compared with reductionist cell monolayers. However, high-throughput characterization techniques for 3D models are currently limited to simplistic live/dead assays. By sectioning and staining in vitro microtissues, researchers can examine their structure; detect DNA, RNA, and protein targets; and visualize them at the level of single cells. The morphological examination and immunochemistry staining for in vitro cultures has historically been done in a laborious manner involving testing one set of cultures at a time. We have developed a technology to rapidly screen spheroid phenotype and protein expression by arranging 66 spheroids in a gel array for paraffin embedding, sectioning, and immunohistochemsitry. The process is quick, mostly automatable, and uses 11 times less reagents than conventional techniques. Here we showcase the capabilities of the technique in an array made up of 11 different cell lines stained in conventional hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) staining, as well as immunohistochemistry staining for estrogen (ER), progesterone (PR), and human epidermal growth factor (Her-2) receptors, and TP53. This new methodology can be used in optimizing stem cell-based models of disease and development, for tissue engineering, safety screening, and efficacy screens in cancer research.
Fulvestrant ('Faslodex') is a new oestrogen receptor (ER) antagonist with no agonist effects. This report describes the experience of a single centre including 126 postmenopausal women with advanced breast cancer (ABC) in a fulvestrant Compassionate Use Programme. All patients had previously received endocrine treatment for early or ABC. Patients received fulvestrant as first- (n=7), second- (n=51), third- (n=50) or fourth-line endocrine therapy (n=18) for ABC (median duration of treatment: 4 months [range 3-27(+) months], follow-up: 13 months [range 1-38(+) months]). Twelve patients had partial responses (PR) and 43 patients experienced stable disease (SD) > or = 6 months (objective response rate: 9.5%; clinical benefit [CB] rate: 43.6%). Ten of 12 patients with a PR had HER2-negative tumours, and 9/12 had ER-positive and progesterone receptor (PgR)-positive disease (two patients had unknown HER2 status and one had unknown ER and PgR status). Nine of the 18 patients with HER2-positive tumours experienced CB with fulvestrant. Although CB rates were similar when fulvestrant was given as first- to fourth-line endocrine treatment, the proportion of those experiencing CB who had a PR appeared to decrease when fulvestrant was used later in the sequence. Fulvestrant was well tolerated; six patients experienced adverse events (all grade I/II). These data demonstrate that fulvestrant is an effective and well-tolerated therapy for patients with ABC progressing on prior therapies.
The human EGF (HER) family of receptors has been pursued as therapeutic targets in breast cancer and other malignancies. Trastuzumab and lapatinib are standard treatments for HER2-amplified breast cancer, but a significant number of patients do not respond or develop resistance to these drugs. Here we evaluate the in vitro activity of dacomitinib (PF-00299804), an irreversible small molecule pan-HER inhibitor, in a large panel of human breast cancer cell lines with variable expression of the HER family receptors and ligands, and with variable sensitivity to trastuzumab and lapatinib. Forty-seven human breast cancer and immortalized breast epithelial lines representing the known molecular subgroups of breast cancer were treated with dacomitinib to determine IC(50) values. HER2-amplified lines were far more likely to respond to dacomitinib than nonamplified lines (RR, 3.39; P < 0.0001). Furthermore, HER2 mRNA and protein expression were quantitatively associated with response. Dacomitinib reduced the phosphorylation of HER2, EGFR, HER4, AKT, and ERK in the majority of sensitive lines. Dacomitinib exerted its antiproliferative effect through a combined G(0)-G(1) arrest and an induction of apoptosis. Dacomitinib inhibited growth in several HER2-amplified lines with de novo and acquired resistance to trastuzumab. Dacomitinib maintained a high activity in lines with acquired resistance to lapatinib. This study identifies HER2-amplified breast cancer lines as most sensitive to the antiproliferative effect of dacomitinib and provides a strong rationale for its clinical testing in HER2-amplified breast cancers resistant to trastuzumab and lapatinib.
The genomics-based molecular classifications aim at identifying more homogeneous classes than immunohistochemistry, associated with a more uniform clinical outcome. We conducted an in silico analysis on a meta-dataset including gene expression data from 5342 clinically defined ER+/HER2- breast cancers (BC) and DNA copy number/mutational and proteomic data. We show that the Basal (16%) versus Luminal (74%) subtypes as defined using the 80-gene signature differ in terms of response/vulnerability to systemic therapies of BC. The Basal subtype is associated with better chemosensitivity, lesser benefit from adjuvant hormone therapy, and likely better sensitivity to PARP inhibitors, platinum salts and immune therapy, and other targeted therapies under development such as FGFR inhibitors. The Luminal subtype displays potential better sensitivity to CDK4/6 inhibitors and vulnerability to targeted therapies such as PIK3CA, AR and Bcl-2 inhibitors. Expression profiles are very different, showing an intermediate position of the ER+/HER2- Basal subtype between the ER+/HER2- Luminal and ER- Basal subtypes, and let suggest a different cell-of-origin. Our data suggest that the ER+/HER2- Basal and Luminal subtypes should not be assimilated and treated as a homogeneous group.
Soy isoflavone genistein, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and agonist of estrogen receptor-beta (ERbeta), is known to have antitumoral properties. Given that ERbeta often is coexpressed with HER2 in breast cancer, both functions of genistein might be able to enhance the antitumoral action of trastuzumab. In this in-vitro study, we tested whether combined treatment with genistein and trastuzumab exerts additive effects on breast cancer cells. HER2-overexpressing breast cancer cell lines were treated with genistein alone and in combination with trastuzumab. The effects of this treatment on proliferation and gene expression were analyzed. Treatment with high-dose genistein (10 mumol/l) significantly increased the growth-inhibitory effect of trastuzumab on HER2-overexpressing, ERalpha/beta-positive BT-474 breast cancer cells. Combinatory treatment using lower doses of trastuzumab exerted similar effects as a single treatment with standard doses of this drug. In contrast, this effect was absent in ERalpha-negative SK-BR-3 cells. Similar results were obtained after cotreatment with the ERbeta agonist, 2,3-bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)propionitrile. The growth-inhibitory effect of both drugs was accompanied by an increased expression of the putative tumor suppressor ERbeta variant, cx, and their combination further elevated mRNA levels of this receptor. In conclusion, genistein significantly enhanced the antitumoral effect of trastuzumab on BT-474 breast cancer cells in vitro. The relevance of these data particularly for women with HER2-overexpressing and ERalpha/beta-positive breast cancer has to be verified in animal or clinical studies.
PURPOSE: To assess whether trastuzumab (H) with radiotherapy (RT) increases adverse events (AEs) after breast-conserving surgery or mastectomy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with early-stage resected human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER-2) -positive breast cancer (BC) were randomly assigned to doxorubicin (A) and cyclophosphamide (C), followed by weekly paclitaxel (T; AC-T-H or AC-TH-H). RT criteria (with or without nodal RT) were postlumpectomy breast or (optional) postmastectomy chest wall. RT of internal mammary nodes was prohibited. RT commenced within 5 weeks after T, concurrently with H. Analysis included 1,503 irradiated patients for RT-associated AEs across treatment arms. Rates of cardiac events (CEs) with and without RT were compared within arms. RESULTS: No significant differences among arms were found in incidence of acute skin reaction, pneumonitis, dyspnea, cough, dysphagia, or neutropenia. A significant difference occurred in incidence of leukopenia, with higher rates for AC-T-H versus AC-T (odds ratio = 1.89; 95% CI, 1.25 to 2.88). At a median follow-up of 3.7 years (range, 0 to 6.5 years), RT with H did not increase relative frequency of CEs regardless of treatment side. The cumulative incidence of CEs with AC-T-H was 2.7% with or without RT. With AC-TH-H, the cumulative incidence was 1.7% v 5.9% with or without RT, respectively. CONCLUSION: Concurrent adjuvant RT and H for early-stage BC was not associated with increased acute AEs. Further follow-up is required to assess late AEs.
Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most aggressive primary brain tumor in adults and is virtually incurable with conventional therapies. Immunotherapy with T cells expressing GBM-specific chimeric antigen receptors (CAR) is an attractive approach to improve outcomes. Although CAR T cells targeting GBM antigens, such as IL13 receptor subunit alpha2 (IL13Ralpha2), HER2, and EGFR variant III (EGFRvIII), have had antitumor activity in preclinical models, early-phase clinical testing has demonstrated limited antiglioma activity. Transgenic expression of IL15 is an appealing strategy to enhance CAR T-cell effector function. We tested this approach in our IL13Ralpha2-positive glioma model in which limited IL13Ralpha2-CAR T-cell persistence results in recurrence of antigen-positive gliomas. T cells were genetically modified with retroviral vectors encoding IL13Ralpha2-CARs or IL15 (IL13Ralpha2-CAR.IL15 T cells). IL13Ralpha2-CAR.IL15 T cells recognized glioma cells in an antigen-dependent fashion, had greater proliferative capacity, and produced more cytokines after repeated stimulations in comparison with IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells. No autonomous IL13Ralpha2-CAR.IL15 T-cell proliferation was observed; however, IL15 expression increased IL13Ralpha2-CAR T-cell viability in the absence of exogenous cytokines or antigen. In vivo, IL13Ralpha2-CAR.IL15 T cells persisted longer and had greater antiglioma activity than IL13Ralpha2-CAR T cells, resulting in a survival advantage. Gliomas recurring after 40 days after T-cell injection had downregulated IL13Ralpha2 expression, indicating that antigen loss variants occur in the setting of improved T-cell persistence. Thus, CAR T cells for GBM should not only be genetically modified to improve their proliferation and persistence, but also to target multiple antigens.Summary: Glioblastoma responds imperfectly to immunotherapy. Transgenic expression of IL15 in T cells expressing CARs improved their proliferative capacity, persistence, and cytokine production. The emergence of antigen loss variants highlights the need to target multiple tumor antigens. Cancer Immunol Res; 5(7); 571-81. (c)2017 AACR.
BACKGROUND: This study aimed to investigate the SRY-related higll-mobility-group box 10 (Sox10) expression in the pathological diagnosis of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). Furthermore, its correlation with the clinicopathological characteristics and disease-free survival rate in patients with TNBC was also evaluated to identify the diagnostic utility of Sox10 as a reliable biomarker for the diagnosis and prognosis of TNBC. METHODS: Using immunohistochemistry (IHC), we identified the expression of Sox10, GATA binding protein 3 (GATA-3), forkhead box protein A1 (FOXA1), gross cystic disease fluid protein (GCDFP15), and mammaglobin (MGB) in 376 cases of primary invasive breast cancer, and 77 cases of metastatic breast cancer. The expression of Sox10 in different molecular subtypes of primary invasive breast cancer and metastatic breast cancer were also compared. Furthermore, the correlation between Sox10 expression and clinicopathological parameters and disease-free survival (DFS) of patients with primary TNBC were also analyzed. RESULTS: Expression of Sox10 was only detected in the myoepithelial cells of normal breast tissue, but not in any other types of cells, including luminal cells and fibroblasts. The positive rate of Sox10 in primary and metastatic TNBC was significantly higher than that in luminal types and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) overexpressed type. The sensitivity and specificity of Sox10 expression in primary TNBC and metastatic TNBC were significantly lower than GATA-3, significantly higher than FOXA1, GCDFP15, and MGB (P<0.001, P=0.0004, P=0.0064, P=0.0229, respectively). In 71 cases of primary TNBC, a higher expression rate of Sox10 was significantly associated with high-grade tumors, late-stage tumors, and tumors with involvement of four or more lymph node metastases (P=0.0145, P=0.0105, P=0.0249, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Sox10 may be used as a novel reliable putative marker for the diagnosis of TNBC. Notably, Sox10 combined with GATA-3 expression may serve as a supplementary differential diagnostic biomarker for primary and metastatic TNBC. Besides, Sox10 may be a good predictor of the prognosis of primary and metastatic TNBC. This study also highlights the significance of targeting Sox10 as a promising potential therapeutic target gene for TNBC therapy.
BACKGROUND: Ganetespib is a small molecule, nongeldanamycin HSP90 inhibitor with potent inhibitory effects on HSP90-dependent oncoproteins of relevance to breast cancer pathogenesis. We therefore tested ganetespib in an unselected cohort of patients with MBC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients were treated with single agent ganetespib at 200 mg/m(2) once weekly for 3 weeks, on a 28-day cycle. Therapy was continued until disease progression. The primary end point was ORR using Reponse Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors version 1.1. RESULTS: Twenty-two patients were enrolled with a median age of 51(range, 38-70) years and a median Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 (range, 0-1). Most patients had at least 2 previous lines of chemotherapy in the metastatic setting. Most common toxicities, largely grade 1/2, were diarrhea, fatigue, nausea, and hypersensitivity reaction. The ORR in this unselected population was 9%, with all responses coming from the subset of patients with HER2-positive MBC (2/13; 15%). One patient with TNBC had objective tumor regression in the lung metastases. The clinical benefit rate (complete response + partial response + stable disease > 6 months) was 9%, median progression-free survival was 7 weeks (95% confidence interval [CI], 7-19), and median overall survival was 46 weeks (95% CI, 27-not applicable). CONCLUSION: The study did not meet the prespecified criteria for ORR in the first stage of the Simon 2-stage model in this heavily pretreated unselected population of MBC. However, activity was observed in trastuzumab-refractory HER2-positive and TNBC. Ganetespib was well tolerated and responses in more targeted populations harboring specific HSP90-dependent oncoproteins justifies its further study, particularly as part of rational combinations.
The function of macrophage inhibitory cytokine-1 (MIC-1) in cancer remains controversial, and its signaling pathways remain poorly understood. In this study, we demonstrate that MIC-1 induces the transactivation of EGFR, ErbB2, and ErbB3 through the activation of c-Src in SK-BR-3 breast cells. MIC-1 induced significant phosphorylation of EGFR at Tyr845, ErbB2 at Tyr877, and ErbB3 at Tyr1289 as well as Akt and p38, Erk1/2, and JNK mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs). Treatment of SK-BR-3 cells with MIC-1 increased the phosphorylation level of Src at Tyr416, and induced invasiveness of those cells. Inhibition of c-Src activity resulted in the complete abolition of MIC-1-induced phosphorylation of the EGFR, ErbB2, and ErbB3, as well as invasiveness and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 expression in SK-BR-3 cells. Collectively, these results show that MIC-1 may participate in the malignant progression of certain cancer cells through the activation of c-Src, which in turn may transactivate ErbB-family receptors.
PURPOSE: EGFR exon 19 deletion (Ex19Del) mutations account for approximately 60% of lung cancer-associated EGFR mutations and include a heterogeneous group of mutations. Although they are associated with benefit from tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI), the relative inhibitor sensitivity of individual Ex19Del mutations is unknown.Experimental Design: We studied the TKI sensitivity and structural features of common Ex19Del mutations and the consequences for patient outcomes on TKI treatment. RESULTS: We found that the L747-A750>P mutation, which represents about 4% of all Ex19Del mutations, displays unique inhibitor selectivity. L747-A750>P differs from other Ex19Del mutations in not being suppressed completely by erlotinib or osimertinib, yet is completely inhibited by low doses of afatinib. The HCC4006 cell line (with the L747-A750>P mutation) exhibited increased sensitivity to afatinib over erlotinib and osimertinib, and computational modeling suggests explanations for this sensitivity pattern. Clinically, patients with EGFR L747-A750>P mutant tumors showed inferior outcomes when treated with erlotinib than patients with E746-A750 mutant tumors. CONCLUSIONS: These results highlight important differences between specific Ex19Del mutations that may be relevant for optimizing TKI choice for patients.
The biological influence of physicochemical parameters of "targeted" nanoparticles on their delivery to cancer tumors remains poorly understood. A comparative analysis of nanoparticle distributions in tumors following systemic delivery across several models can provide valuable insights. Methods: Bionized nanoferrite nanoparticles (iron oxide core coated with starch), either conjugated with a targeted anti-HER2 antibody (BH), or unconjugated (BP), were intravenously injected into athymic nude or NOD-scid gamma (NSG) female mice bearing one of five human breast cancer tumor xenografts growing in a mammary fat pad. Tumors were harvested 24 hours after nanoparticle injection, fixed, mounted, and stained. We performed detailed histopathology analysis by comparing spatial distributions of nanoparticles (Prussian blue) with various stromal cells (CD31, SMA, F4/80, CD11c, etc.) and the target antigen-expressing (HER2) tumor cells. Results: Only BH nanoparticles were retained in tumors and generally concentrated in the tumor periphery, with nanoparticle content diminishing towards the tumor interior. Nanoparticle distribution correlated strongly with specific stromal cells within each tumor type, which varied among tumor types and between mouse strains. Weak or no correlation between nanoparticle distribution and HER2 positive cells, or CD31 cells was observed. Conclusion: Antibody-labeled nanoparticles were retained across all tumors, irrespective of presence of the "target" antigen. Though presence of antibody on nanoparticles correlated with retention, non-cancerous host stromal cells were responsible for their retention in the tumor microenvironment. This study highlights gaps in our understanding of the complex biological interplay between disease and host immune biology, and the need to account for the influence of underlying aberrant tumor biology as factors determining nanoparticle fate in vivo.
BACKGROUND The expression of miR-205 is closely related to the occurrence, development, and prognosis of lung cancer and breast cancer. However, studies show that it plays opposite roles in different tumor types. Because the expression and regulation of miR-205 are primarily confined to epigenetic areas, whether genetic variation of miR-205 is related to the occurrence or to the development of tumors has not been reported. The aim of this study was to screen genetic variation of miR-205 gene and to investigate its association with the risk and development of lung and breast cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS Genomic DNA was extracted from cultured tumor cell lines and formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded lung and breast tissue samples. Bisulfite Clone Sequencing (BCS) and qRT-PCR were employed to detect the DNA methylation status and gene expression of the miR-205 gene, respectively. Genetic variation of miR-205 and miR-205HG were genotyped with PCR-sequencing method. Immunohistochemical analysis for ER, PR, and HER2 was performed on breast tissue samples. RESULTS These results indicate that the functional association of rs3842530 in miR-205HG and lung cancer might provide a possible explanation for the tissue-dependent function of miR-205 in different tumors. CONCLUSIONS These results indicate that the functional association of rs3842530 in miR-205HG and lung cancer might provide a possible explanation for the tissue-dependent function of miR-205 in different tumors.
EGFR-inhibitor (Cetuximab) is one of the main targeted drugs used for metastatic colorectal carcinoma (CRC). The benefit from Cetuximab appears to be limited to a subtype of patients, not for the patients with tumors harboring mutated BRAF or KRAS genes; unfortunately, it accounts for ~40-50% of CRC cases. Previous studies have connected higher expression levels of miR-378 to be commonly presented in patients without BRAF or KRAS mutants than in mutated CRCs. The microRNA-378 (miR-378) is coexpressed with PGC-1beta and can be easily induced by fatty acid, for example lauric acid. Therefore, we hypothesized that elevation of miR-378 expression in mutated CRCs may stimulate the cell response to Cetuximab. Herein, seven CRC cell lines with confirmed mutation status were involved in two parallel experiments; directly in vitro transfected miR-378 mimics, and using lauric acid to indirectly induce the level of miR-378 in cells. After the increase of miR-378 in cells by either direct or indirect approaches, sensitivity to Cetuximab was restored in all BRAF mutants (p-value <0.0001-0.0003), and half of KRAS mutants CRC (p-value 0.039-0.007). Further evidence was gained by decreasing expression of MEK and ERK2 proteins after transfection with miR-378; it was similar to the indirect induction by lauric acid approach. In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that lauric acid may efficiently induce miR-378 expression in CRC mutants, and both BRAF and a subtype of KRAS mutants presented significantly improved sensitivity to Cetuximab. Notably, BRAF mutants could even be inhibited in cell proliferation after elevated concentration of miR-378 in cells without combining with targeted therapy. This new approach may shed new light on BRAF or KRAS mutation in CRC patients for clinical trial, since lauric acid may easily be obtain from natural food, and it is supposed to be harmless to the cardiovascular system.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this work was to evaluate the impact of (and relative contribution of) tumor-related and immune-related diversity of HER2-positive disease on the response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus anti-HER2 agents. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The CherLOB phase II study randomized 121 HER2-positive breast cancer patients to neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus trastuzumab, lapatinib or both. Tumor samples from diagnostic core biopsy were centralized. Tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) were evaluated on H&E slides. Intrinsic subtyping was carried out using the research-based 50-gene prediction analysis of a microarray (PAM50) subtype predictor. Immune-related gene signatures were also evaluated. RESULTS: Continuous Str-TILs and It-TILs were significantly associated with pCR [OR 1.03, 95% CI 1.02-1.05 (P < 0.001) and OR 1.09, 95% CI 1.04-1.15 (P < 0.001) for Str-TILs and It-TILs, respectively]. According to PAM50, the subtype distribution was as follows: HER2-enriched 26.7%, Luminal A 25.6%, Luminal B 16.3%, Basal-like 14% and Normal-like 17.4%. The highest rate of pCR was observed for the HER2-enriched subtype (50%), followed by Basal-like, Luminal B and Luminal A (chi(2) test, P = 0.026). Immune gene signatures significantly associated with pCR in univariate analyses were identified: most of them maintained a significant association with pCR in multivariate analyses corrected for PAM50 subtypes, whereas TILs did not. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, both tumor-related and immune-related features contribute to the modulation of pCR after neoadjuvant chemotherapy plus anti-HER2 agents. Immune signatures rather than TILs added significant prediction of pCR beyond PAM50 intrinsic subtypes.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of immunohistochemical expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and c-KITin triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). STUDY DESIGN: Descriptive, cross-sectional study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Armed Forces Institute of Pathology (AFIP), Rawalpindi, from January to December 2014. METHODOLOGY: Fifty cases of triple negative breast cancer diagnosed on immunohistochemistry were included in the study. Patients'gender and age were noted. Immunohistochemistry for EGFR and c-KITwere applied and the results were recorded. The data were analyzed by using computer software programme SPSS version 19. Descriptive statistics, frequencies and percentages were calculated. RESULTS: Out of 50 patients of TNBC, all patients were females. The ages of the patients ranged between 30 and 80 years with an average age of 48.9 years and standard deviation of +/-10.0. Out of 50 cases, 29 cases (58%) were positive for EGFR while 15 cases (30%) were positive for c-KIT. Thirteen cases (26%) were positive for both EGFR and c-KIT. Nineteen cases (38%) were negative for both EGFR and c-KIT. CONCLUSION: EGFR expression was observed in 58% and c-KITexpression was seen in 30% of the cases. The results of EGFR expression are almost similar while those of c-KIT are different from international studies which suggest immunohistochemical differences between the studied populations.
A series of new fluoroquinazolinone 6(-)8 and 10a(-)g derivatives was designed, prepared and screened for their in vitro cytotoxic activity against human cancer cell lines MCF-7 and MDA-MBA-231. Compounds 6 (IC(50) = 0.35 +/- 0.01 microM), 10f (IC(50) = 0.71 +/- 0.01 microM), 10d (IC(50) = 0.89 +/- 0.02 microM) and 10a (IC(50) = 0.95 +/- 0.01 microM) displayed broad spectrum anticancer activity better than the reference drug gefitinib (IC(50) = 0.97 +/- 0.02 microM) against MCF-7. Compounds 10e (IC(50) = 0.28 +/- 0.02 microM), 10d (IC(50) = 0.38 +/- 0.01 microM), 7 (IC(50) = 0.94 +/- 0.07 microM) and 10c (IC(50) = 1.09 +/- 0.01 microM) showed better activity than the reference gefitinib (IC(50) = 1.30 +/- 0.04 microM) against MDA-MBA-231. Moreover, EGFR and tubulin inhibition assays were performed for the highest active derivatives and showed remarkable results comparing to the reference drugs. In order to assess and explain their binding affinities, molecular docking simulation was studied against EGFR and tubulin binding sites. The results obtained from molecular docking study and those obtained from cytotoxic screening were correlated.
Tall Cell Carcinoma with Reversed Polarity (TCCRP) is a rare and distinct subtype of invasive breast carcinoma, first described in 2003. It is histologically characterized by tall columnar epithelial cells with reversed nuclear polarity and shares morphological features with papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC). However, its unique molecular signature, including IDH2 and PIK3CA mutations, differentiates it from other breast cancer subtypes. A retrospective systematic study of 91 published cases of TCCRP was conducted, including two cases from our institution. Clinical, pathological, molecular, and treatment-related data were collected and analyzed. Descriptive statistics and Kaplan-Meier survival analysis were employed to evaluate disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Subgroup analyses explored associations between clinical features, molecular markers, and outcomes. The median age at diagnosis was 64 years, with a predominance of small tumors (mean size: 10.4 mm, T1 stage). Histologically, hallmark features included reversed nuclear polarity (100 %), nuclear grooves, and intranuclear pseudoinclusions. Immunohistochemical analysis confirmed a triple-negative profile (ER-/PR-/HER2-) in most cases, with consistent breast-specific marker expression (GATA3, CK7). Molecular testing revealed frequent IDH2 R172 (84.6 %) and PIK3CA (72.5 %) mutations. Surgical management, predominantly breast-conserving surgery (BCS), was the primary treatment, with adjuvant therapies rarely utilized. At a median follow-up of 35.8 months, recurrence occurred in only 2.2 % of cases, and the overall survival rate was 100 %. TCCRP is a rare, low-grade breast cancer subtype with a favorable prognosis and low recurrence risk based on currently available data, but longer follow-up studies are needed to confirm this observation. Its distinct histological and molecular features enable accurate diagnosis and differentiation from other breast cancers and metastatic thyroid carcinoma. Given its indolent nature, conservative treatment strategies, including BCS, are effective, and adjuvant therapies can be minimized. Future research should explore targeted therapies for IDH2 and PIK3CA mutations to expand treatment options for this unique subtype.
This study assessed the expression of the p53 protein, beta-catenin, and HER2 and their prognostic implications in patients with EBV-associated gastric cancer (EBVaGC). After reviewing 1318 consecutive cases of surgically resected or endoscopic submucosal dissected gastric cancers, 117 patients were identified as EBV-positive using EBV-encoded RNA in-situ hybridization. The immunohistochemistry results were interpreted as follows: strong p53 nuclear expression in at least 50% of tumor nuclei was interpreted as a positive result, strong beta-catenin expression in at least 10% of cytoplasmic nuclei was interpreted as a positive result, and moderate or strong complete or basolateral membrane staining in 10% of tumor cells was interpreted as a positive result for HER2. Immunohistochemical staining for p53 was performed on tumor tissue from 105 patients, among whom 25 (23.8%) tested positive. Meanwhile, beta-catenin expression was positive in 10 patients (17.5%) and HER2 expression was positive in 8 patients (6.8%). The positive expression of p53 was significantly associated with a high T stage (p=0.006). More patients with lymph node metastasis were p53-positive (p=0.013). In the univariate analysis, the p53-positive patients showed significantly decreased disease-free survival (DFS) when compared with the p53-negative patients (p=0.022), although the p53 status was only marginally associated with overall survival (OS) (p=0.080). However, p53 expression showed no prognostic significance on DFS in the multivariate analysis. Moreover, beta-catenin and HER2 showed no association with DFS and OS in the survival analysis. The current study found a significant correlation between p53 expression and tumor progression and lymph node metastases in patients with EBVaGC.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a complicated interrelationship with various comorbidities. The purpose of this study was to describe the prevalence of various comorbidities among veterans with CKD and compare it with other datasets like Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP), National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) and Medicare. Patients who had at least one outpatient visit in year 2007 (1 January 2007 to 31 December 2007) were included in the study (n =  75,787). Glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was estimated by the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) study equation. CKD prevalence was calculated based on one or two serum creatinine values at least 3 months apart. Demographic data were obtained including age, gender, race, weight, height and body mass index (BMI). The prevalence of various comorbidities was also collected based on ICD 9 codes from the problem list. The prevalence of CKD among veterans was 47.3%, much higher than estimated in the US population. Patients with CKD were more likely to have any vascular disease (36.89% vs. 14.87%), diabetes (34.18% vs. 17.83%), hypertension (86.65% vs. 57.56%), and cancer (18.69% vs. 9.23%). Irrespective of age, the prevalence of vascular disease was much higher among veterans with CKD. The prevalence of coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cancer was much higher among elderly veterans with CKD as compared to other datasets. CKD is a growing endemic associated with a high frequency of concomitant chronic illnesses. Public health resources should be applied for early recognition and risk modification of CKD.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a highly heterogeneous disease defined by the absence of estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR) expression, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) overexpression that lacks targeted treatments, leading to dismal clinical outcomes. Thus, better stratification systems that reflect intrinsic and clinically useful differences between TNBC tumors will sharpen the treatment approaches and improve clinical outcomes. The lack of a rational classification system for TNBC also impacts current and emerging therapeutic alternatives. In the past years, several new methodologies to stratify TNBC have arisen thanks to the implementation of microarray technology, high-throughput sequencing, and bioinformatic methods, exponentially increasing the amount of genomic, epigenomic, transcriptomic, and proteomic information available. Thus, new TNBC subtypes are being characterized with the promise to advance the treatment of this challenging disease. However, the diverse nature of the molecular data, the poor integration between the various methods, and the lack of cost-effective methods for systematic classification have hampered the widespread implementation of these promising developments. However, the advent of artificial intelligence applied to translational oncology promises to bring light into definitive TNBC subtypes. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the available classification strategies. It includes evaluating the overlap between the molecular, immunohistochemical, and clinical characteristics between these approaches and a perspective about the increasing applications of artificial intelligence to identify definitive and clinically relevant TNBC subtypes.
BACKGROUND: Despite the high incidence of metastatic breast cancer and its related mortality in the elderly population, our knowledge about optimal treatment for older patients with cancer is far from adequate. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of dual anti-HER2 treatment with or without metronomic chemotherapy in older patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer. METHODS: We did a multicentre, open-label, randomised, phase 2 trial in 30 centres from eight countries in Europe, in patients with histologically proven, HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer, without previous chemotherapy for metastatic disease, who were 70 years or older, or 60 years or older with confirmed functional restrictions defined by protocol, and had a life expectancy of more than 12 weeks and a performance status according to WHO scale of 0-3. Eligible patients were randomly assigned (1:1) by an online randomisation system based on the minimisation method to receive metronomic oral cyclophosphamide 50 mg per day plus trastuzumab and pertuzumab, or trastuzumab and pertuzumab alone. Trastuzumab was given intravenously with a loading dose of 8 mg/kg, followed by 6 mg/kg every 3 weeks. Pertuzumab was given intravenously with a loading dose of 840 mg, followed by 420 mg every 3 weeks. Patients were stratified by hormone receptor positivity, previous HER2 treatment, and baseline geriatric screening. The primary endpoint was investigator-assessed progression-free survival at 6 months as per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. A difference of 10% or greater between the two groups was sought. Efficacy analyses were by intention to treat; safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one dose of study treatment. In case of progression, all patients were offered trastuzumab emtansine. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01597414, and is completed. FINDINGS: Between July 2, 2013, and May 10, 2016, 80 patients, of whom 56 (70%) had a potential frailty profile according to the geriatric screening G8 score (</=14), were randomly assigned to receive trastuzumab and pertuzumab (n=39) or trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide (n=41). Estimated progression-free survival at 6 months was 46.2% (95% CI 30.2-60.7) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab versus 73.4% (56.6-84.6) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide (hazard ratio [HR] 0.65 [95% CI 0.37-1.12], p=0.12). At a median follow-up of 20.7 months (IQR 12.5-30.4), the median progression-free survival was 5.6 months (95% CI 3.6-16.8) with trastuzumab and pertuzumab versus 12.7 months (6.7-24.8) with the addition of metronomic oral cyclophosphamide. The most frequent grade 3-4 adverse events were hypertension (in six [15%] of 39 patients in the trastuzumab and pertuzumab group vs five [12%] of 41 in the trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide group), diarrhoea (four [10%] vs five [12%]), dyspnoea (two [5%] vs four [10%]), fatigue (three [8%] vs two [5%]), pain (two [5%] vs two [5%]), and a thromboembolic event (0 [0%] vs four [10%]). Severe cardiac toxicities were occasionally observed in both groups. In the trastuzumab and pertuzumab group four patients died without progression, due to cardiac arrest during treatment (n=1), peritoneal infection (n=1), respiratory failure (n=1), and sudden death without a specified cause (n=1). In the trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide group, one patient died from heart failure. INTERPRETATION: Addition of metronomic oral cyclophosphamide to trastuzumab plus pertuzumab in older and frail patients with HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer increased median progression-free survival by 7 months compared with dual HER2 blockade alone, with an acceptable safety profile. Trastuzumab and pertuzumab plus metronomic oral cyclophosphamide, followed by trastuzumab emtansine after disease progression, might delay or supersede the need for taxane chemotherapy in this population. FUNDING: F Hoffmann-La Roche.
BACKGROUND: Activation of the phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) pathway via PIK3CA mutations occurs in 28%-46% of hormone receptor-positive (HR+), human epidermal growth factor receptor-2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancers (ABCs) and is associated with poor prognosis. The SOLAR-1 trial showed that the addition of alpelisib to fulvestrant treatment provided statistically significant and clinically meaningful progression-free survival (PFS) benefit in PIK3CA-mutated, HR+, HER2- ABC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Men and postmenopausal women with HR+, HER2- ABC whose disease progressed on or after aromatase inhibitor (AI) were randomized 1 : 1 to receive alpelisib (300 mg/day) plus fulvestrant (500 mg every 28 days and once on day 15) or placebo plus fulvestrant. Overall survival (OS) in the PIK3CA-mutant cohort was evaluated by Kaplan-Meier methodology and a one-sided stratified log-rank test was carried out with an O'Brien-Fleming efficacy boundary of P </= 0.0161. RESULTS: In the PIK3CA-mutated cohort (n = 341), median OS [95% confidence interval (CI)] was 39.3 months (34.1-44.9) for alpelisib-fulvestrant and 31.4 months (26.8-41.3) for placebo-fulvestrant [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.86 (95% CI, 0.64-1.15; P = 0.15)]. OS results did not cross the prespecified efficacy boundary. Median OS (95% CI) in patients with lung and/or liver metastases was 37.2 months (28.7-43.6) and 22.8 months (19.0-26.8) in the alpelisib-fulvestrant and placebo-fulvestrant arms, respectively [HR = 0.68 (0.46-1.00)]. Median times to chemotherapy (95% CI) for the alpelisib-fulvestrant and placebo-fulvestrant arms were 23.3 months (15.2-28.4) and 14.8 months (10.5-22.6), respectively [HR = 0.72 (0.54-0.95)]. No new safety signals were observed with longer follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Although the analysis did not cross the prespecified boundary for statistical significance, there was a 7.9-month numeric improvement in median OS when alpelisib was added to fulvestrant treatment of patients with PIK3CA-mutated, HR+, HER2- ABC. Overall, these results further support the statistically significant prolongation of PFS observed with alpelisib plus fulvestrant in this population, which has a poor prognosis due to a PIK3CA mutation. CLINICALTRIALS. GOV ID: NCT02437318.
A recent large-scale phase III study (the ToGA trial) demonstrated the significant efficacy of trastuzumab combined with chemotherapy in patients with HER2-positive gastric cancer. Although trastuzumab has become a key drug in cancer treatment, the resistance of breast cancer to trastuzumab is a major problem in clinical practice. However, it is unclear whether similar mechanisms of trastuzumab resistance are involved in gastric cancer (GC). The aim of the current study was to identify a novel micro-RNA (miR)/gene pathway that regulates the sensitivity of HER2-positive GC cells to trastuzumab. We focused on F-box and WD repeat domain-containing 7 (FBXW7), which is one of the major causes of drug resistance. We also identified miR-223, which can regulate FBXW7, using miR quantitative reverse transcription-PCR array analysis using by resistance cell line, which we established. Overexpression of miR-223 decreased FBXW7 expression and the sensitivity of GC cells to trastuzumab, while suppression of miR-223 restored FBXW7 expression and the sensitivity of GC cells to trastuzumab. Moreover, overexpression of miR-223 significantly suppressed trastuzumab-induced apoptosis. This study is the first report to reveal that the miR-223/FBXW7 pathway regulates the sensitivity of a HER2-positive GC cell line to trastuzumab through the modulation of apoptosis. These findings suggest that this pathway can be crucial for the mechanism of trastuzumab resistance in GC, which may lead to the development of individualized treatment in clinical practice.
PURPOSE: To evaluate progression-free survival (PFS) as a potential surrogate endpoint (SEP) for overall survival (OS) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) with a focus on applicability to trials containing targeted therapy with anti-VEGF- or anti-EGF receptor (EGFR)-directed monoclonal antibodies. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: A systematic literature search of randomized trials of first-line chemotherapy for mCRC reported from January 2000 to January 2012 was conducted. Adjusted weighted linear regression was used to calculate correlations within PFS and OS (endpoints; R(EP)) and between treatment effects on PFS and on OS (treatment effects; R(TE)). RESULTS: Fifty trials reflecting 22,736 patients met the inclusion criteria. Correlation between treatment effects on PFS and OS and between the endpoints PFS and OS was high across all studies (R(TE) = 0.87, R(EP) = 0.86). This was also observed in chemotherapy-only trials (R(TE) = 0.93, R(EP) = 0.81) but less so for trials containing monoclonal antibodies (R(TE) = 0.47; R(EP) = 0.52). Limiting the analysis to bevacizumab-based studies (11 trials, 3,310 patients) again yielded high correlations between treatment effects on PFS and on OS (R(TE) = 0.84), whereas correlation within PFS and OS was low (R(EP) = 0.45). In 7 trials (1,335 patients) investigating cetuximab- or panitumumab-based studies, contrasting correlations with very wide confidence intervals were observed (R(TE) = 0.28; R(EP) = 0.96). CONCLUSIONS: PFS showed consistently high correlation with OS of an order that would justify its use as an SEP in chemotherapy regimens. For validation of surrogacy in anti-VEGF and anti-EGFR-directed therapies, further research and a larger set of trials is needed.
OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the prognostic factors for the treatment efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with EGFR exon 21 L858R mutation. METHODS: The study enrolled patients with advanced EGFR L858R-mutant NSCLC who received first-line EGFR-TKI treatment between January 2019 and April 2024. Cox regression analyses were performed to identify the prognostic factors from clinical characteristics and concomitant genetic alterations that influenced progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). RESULTS: According to the study of a cohort of 120 patients, we found that more metastatic organs (>/=3 organs), specific metastatic patterns (liver and bone involvement), concurrent TP53 mutations, and worse Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status (ECOG PS) were associated with shorter PFS. And ECOG PS was an independent predictive factor for PFS. Similarly, metastatic organs >/= 3 (HR, 2.719; 95 % CI, 1.386-5.333; p = 0.004), ECOG PS of 2 (HR, 10.756; 95 % CI, 4.002-28.906; p < 0.001), and body mass index (BMI)24 kg/m(2) (HR, 0.335; 95 % CI, 0.147-0.760; p = 0.009) were associated with worse OS. We also observed that patients harboring TP53 co-mutations demonstrated significantly inferior PFS compared with their TP53 wild-type counterparts (13.7 months vs. 18.8 months; p = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS: This study identified several factors significantly associated with worse response to EGFR-TKIs in NSCLC patients with EGFR L858R mutation and respective independent predictive factors for PFS and OS. These findings could enable personalized therapeutic efficacy assessment to facilitate clinical decision-making for EGFR L858R-mutant NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKIs.
BACKGROUND: Lung cancer is one of the malignant tumors with the highest morbidity and mortality in my country and the world. Among them, non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for about 80%. For patients who are diagnosed with NSCLC and have epidermal growth factor receptor, EGFR gene-sensitive mutations The treatment is particularly important. AIMS: To investigate the efficacy and prognosis of 3DCRT combined with local SBRT in patients with EGFR mutation oligometastatic NSCLC. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eighty patients with EGFR mutation oligometastatic NSCLC were selected by random remainder grouping method. 3DCRT combined with SBRT is effective and safer in patients with EGFR-mutant oligometastatic NSCLC, and significantly improves the patient's immune and tumor marker levels. It has a certain reference value in the clinical treatment of EGFR-mutant oligometastatic NSCLC.
The role of estrogen exposure in breast cancer risk is well-documented, and both estrogen synthesis and actions through the estrogen receptor (ER) have been targeted by therapies to control hormone-dependent breast cancer. The discovery of a second ER form and its therapeutic implications sparked great interest. Both the original ERalpha and the more recently identified ERbeta subtypes bind and respond similarly to many physiological and pharmacological ligands. However, differences in phytoestrogen binding have been noted, and subtype-specific ligands have been developed. Cell-based assays show that ERbeta and its variants are generally less active on gene transcription than ERalpha, and may influence ERalpha activity; however, both gene- and cell-specific responses occur, and nongenomic activities are less well explored. Specific ligands, and methods to disrupt or eliminate receptor subtype expression in animal and cell models, demonstrate that the ERs have both overlapping and distinct biological functions. Overall, in cell-based studies, ERalpha appears to play a predominant role in cell proliferation, and ERbeta is suggested to be antiproliferative. The potential for distinct populations of breast tumors to be identified based on ER subtype expression, and to exhibit distinct clinical behaviors, is of greatest interest. Several studies suggest that the majority of ER-positive tumors contain both subtypes, but that some tumors contain only ERbeta and may have distinct clinical behaviors and responses. Expression of ERbeta together with ERalpha favors positive responses to endocrine therapy in most studies, and additional studies to determine if the addition of ERbeta to ERalpha as a tumor marker is of clinical benefit are warranted. In contrast, the positive association between ERbeta and HER2 expression in high-grade ERalpha-negative breast cancer does not favor positive responses to endocrine therapy. Expression of ERbeta in specific clinical subpopulations, and the potential for therapies targeting ERbeta specifically, is discussed.
BACKGROUND: Male breast cancer is rare and makes up < 1% of all cases of breast cancers. Treatment and survival stage per stage is mainly based on what is known from female breast cancer. OBJECTIVES: We determined the pathological features, stage, treatment of breast cancer in male veterans and their survival outcome. METHODS: Medical records of male patients diagnosed with breast cancer at the Veterans Affairs Medical Centers of Washington DC, Baltimore, Maryland, and Martinsburg, West Virginia, from 1992-2012 were reviewed after iInstitutional review board approval. RESULTS: From 1995-2012, 51 male patients with breast cancer were identifed from cancer registry. Of those, 57% were African American, 41% white, and 2% other race. Median age was 68 years (range, 44-86 years). Palpable mass was presenting symptoms in 80%, and gynecomastia or bloody nipple discharge in 16%. Family history of breast cancer in immediate family was positive in 11 patients without mention of BRCA genes except in one who was BRCA2-positve. ER/PR (estrogen-/progesterone-receptor) was positive in 71%, ER-positive/PR-negative in 2%, ER-positive/PR-positive /HER2-positive in 4%, ER-negative/PR-negative /HER2-triple negative in 4%. In all, 41% and 57% had right and left breast cancer, respectively; 80% had mastectomy, 36% had lymph node involvement (1-13 LN), 90% had invasive ductal carcinoma, 8% DCIS, and 2% sarcoma. Cancer in 26% was stage I, 38% stage II, 18% stage III and 8% stage IV. Twenty four percent of the patients had combination chemotherapy, and 66% were given tamoxifen. Eight percent had relapsed or recurrent disease within 1-5 years of their diagnosis and died within 2-12 years after the relapse. At median follow-up of 174 months (range, 4 months-19 years), 56% had died, 42% were alive, and 6% had been lost to follow-up. LIMITATIONS: This is a very small retrospective chart review. Further large prospective studies are desired. CONCLUSIONS: Median age at diagnosis of breast cancer seems to be higher in men (70 years) than it is in women (60 years). Invasive ductal carcinoma is the main pathology, and 73% of the tumors were ER-positive. The survival rate at more than 10 years of follow-up was about 40%. Stage versus survival revealed no difference in mortality.
PURPOSE: Docetaxel-trastuzumab (TH) is effective therapy for HER2-amplified metastatic breast cancer (MBC). Preclinical findings of synergy between docetaxel, carboplatin, and trastuzumab (TCH) prompted a phase III randomized trial comparing TCH with TH in patients with HER2-amplified MBC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two hundred sixty-three patients were randomly assigned to receive eight 3-week cycles of TH (trastuzumab plus docetaxel 100 mg/m(2)) or TCH (trastuzumab plus carboplatin at area under the serum concentration-time curve 6 and docetaxel 75 mg/m(2)). Trastuzumab was given at 4 mg/kg loading dose followed by a 2 mg/kg dose once per week during chemotherapy, and then 6 mg/kg once every 3 weeks until progression. RESULTS: Patient characteristics were balanced between groups. There was no significant difference between TH and TCH in terms of the primary end point, time to progression (medians of 11.1 and 10.4 months, respectively; hazard ratio, 0.914; 95% CI, 0.694 to 1.203; P = .57), response rate (72% for both groups), or overall survival (medians of 37.1 and 37.4 months, respectively; P = .99). Rates of grades 3 or 4 adverse effects for TH and TCH, respectively, were neutropenic-related complications, 29% and 23%; thrombocytopenia, 2% and 15%; anemia, 5% and 11%; sensory neuropathy, 3% and 0.8%; fatigue, 5% and 12%; peripheral edema, 3.8% and 1.5%; and diarrhea, 2% and 10%. Two patients given TCH died of sepsis, and one patient given TH experienced sudden cardiac death. Absolute left ventricular ejection fraction decline > 15% was seen in 5.5% of patients on the TH arm and 6.7% of patients on the TCH arm. CONCLUSION: Adding carboplatin did not enhance TH antitumor activity.TH (docetaxel, 100 mg/m(2)) and TCH (docetaxel, 75 mg/m(2)) demonstrated efficacy with acceptable toxicity in women with HER2-amplified MBC.
Among the various types of cancer, pancreatic cancer is considered to have a particularly grim prognosis. Treatment includes surgery, chemotherapy, or both. While the role of immunotherapy is well-studied in many types of cancer, such is not the case with pancreatic cancer. A 49-year-old female presented to the oncology clinic following a biopsy of a pancreatic mass. CT-guided needle biopsy of the mass demonstrated moderately differentiated pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Positive emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) revealed metastases to the liver. She was started on chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX (leucovorin calcium, 5-fluorouracil, irinotecan hydrochloride, oxaliplatin) and demonstrated over 60% reduction in the size of liver metastases within three months. PET-CT four months after initiation of chemotherapy revealed no focal avid fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) uptake in the liver, and the pancreatic body mass was stable in size at 3.0 cm with stable standardized uptake value (SUV) max at 2.4, only slightly elevated from 1.9 on the previous scan. Further treatment with chemotherapy was halted after 18 cycles due to side effects. With the patient's tumor being epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) negative, mismatch repair (MMR) negative, 3% tumor cells PD-L1 positive with 10% tumor-associated immune cells positive, treatment with pembrolizumab was started. Follow-up PET-CTs over the next several months confirmed the patient was in complete remission from metastatic pancreatic cancer. At the time of the report, the patient had a durable response of three years. We report a rare case of complete remission of metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with chemotherapy, followed by immunotherapy. With emerging targets for modification of tumor microenvironment, immunotherapy must be further explored in the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
The pseudokinase HER3 emerges as a promising anti-cancer target, especially for HER2-driven breast cancer and EGFR-mediated non-small cell lung cancer. However, it is challenging to target HER3 by ATP-competitive small molecules because HER3 is catalytically impaired. Herein, we report the discovery of a series of HER3 degraders by connecting a HER3 binder bosutinib with a hydrophobic tag adamantane. The optimal compound CZY43 effectively induced HER3 degradation in dose- and time-dependent manners in breast cancer SKBR3 cells. Mechanistic studies revealed compound CZY43 to induce HER3 degradation via autophagy. Importantly, compound CZY43 potently inhibited HER3-dependent signaling, cancer cell growth and cell adhesion, and was more potent than bosutinib. This study further suggested that HER3 can be modulated by small-molecule degraders, and compound CZY43 can serve as a lead compound for further optimization.
PURPOSE: Human epithelial growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is over-expressed in several malignancies and represents an important therapeutic target. Aptamers are oligonucleotides that may potentially serve as tumor-homing ligand with excellent affinity and specificity for targeted cancer therapy. However, aptamers need to have nuclease resistance in order to function in vivo. The aim of this study was to generate a novel HER2 thioaptamer with enhanced nuclease resistance. METHODS: The HER2 thioaptamer is selected in an evolutionary process called systematic evolution of ligands by exponential enrichment. RESULTS: The thioaptamer could bind to the extracellular domain of HER2 with a K d of 172 nM and had minimal cross reactivity to trypsin or IgG. Moreover, the thioaptamer was found capable of binding with the HER2-positive breast cancer cells SK-BR-3 and MDA-MB-453, but not the HER2-negative cells MDA-MB-231. Notably, the thioaptamer HY6 largely maintained its structural integrity facing the nucleases in serum, while regular DNA aptamers were mostly digested. Additionally, the thioaptamer retained the capability of binding with the HER2-positive cells in the presence of serum, whereas non-thionated HER2 aptamer lost the binding function. CONCLUSION: The results indicated that the selected thioaptamer was more resistant to nuclease than regular DNA aptamers and might potentially function as a HER2-targeting ligand in complicated environment.
Tumor-targeting protein toxins are composed of a toxic enzyme coupled to a specific cell binding domain that targets cancer-associated antigens. The anti-tumor treatment by targeted toxins is accompanied by dose-limiting side effects. The future prospects of targeted toxins for therapeutic use in humans will be determined by reduce side effects. Certain plant secondary metabolites (saponins) were shown to increase the efficacy of a particular epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-targeted toxin, paralleled by a tremendous decrease of side effects. This study was conducted in order to investigate the effects of substituting different toxin moieties fused to an EGF ligand binding domain on the augmentative ability of saponins for each against therapeutic potential of the saponin-mediated efficacy increase for different anti-tumor toxins targeting the EGFR. We designed several EGFR-targeted toxins varying in the toxic moiety. Each targeted toxin was used in combination with a purified saponin (SA1641), isolated from the ornamental plant Gypsophila paniculata L. SA1641 was characterized and the SA1641-mediated efficacy increase was investigated on EGFR-transfected NIH-3T3 cells. We observed a high dependency of the SA1641-mediated efficacy increase on the nature of toxin used for the construction of the targeted toxin, indicating high specificity. Structural alignments revealed a high homology between saporin and dianthin-30, the two toxic moieties that benefit most from the combination with SA1641. We further demonstrate that SA1641 did not influence the plasma membrane permeability, indicating an intracellular interaction of SA1641 and the toxin components of targeted toxins. Surface plasmon resonance measurements point to a transient binding of SA1641 to the toxin components of targeted toxins.
Introduction: EGFR is the receptor for epidermal growth factor (EGF) and belongs to the protein tyrosine kinase (PTK) receptor. It is closely related to the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, invasion, and apoptosis. Overexpression or mutation activation of EGFR is involved in the development of many human malignancies, especially non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). At present, numerous small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) have been developed to target the ATP-binding region of EGFR, aiming to develop selective and effective inhibitors for the treatment of NSCLC against EGFR mutants.Areas covered: This review covers the latest progress in the patented EGFR inhibitors and the inhibition activity against NSCLC from 2014 to present.Expert opinion: EGFR is an important anti-tumor target, and small molecule inhibitors targeting EGFR have become important biologically active compounds for the treatment of cancer, especially against NSCLC. Among the recent patents available, great majority of them focus on selective inhibitors of EGFR mutants. Although great achievements have been made in the development of selective EGFR inhibitors, there is still an urgent need to discover new EGFR inhibitors which are safe, efficient, selective, and low-toxic to avoid the adverse pharmacokinetics caused by wild-type EGFR feature.
Breast cancer with HER2 overexpressing type links to malignant tumor growth and poor clinical outcome. Successful development of sensitive and selective nano-probe for identification of HER2-positive breast cancer cells is of great importance for breast cancer early diagnosis, subtype classification, and treatment planning. Herein, we report a HER2 antibody conjugated near infrared (NIR) emitted MnCuInS/ZnS qumtun dots (QDs) encapsulated bovine serum albumin (BSA) nano-probe for accurately targeted imaging of HER2-positive breast cancer cells. This NIR nano-probe shows good biocompatibility, low nonspecificity and cytotoxicity, high colloidal stability, and allows HER2-positive breast cancer cell identification with good selectivity. The practicality of this targeted NIR fluorescent nano-probe was proved by successful identifying HER2-positive breast cancer cells from HER2-negative breast cancer cells, which indicates that it can be efficiently applied in selective screening of HER2 overexpressing cancer cells, and provide a platform for the strategy design on the distinction of different breast cancer subtypes.
PURPOSE: To evaluate clinical activity and target modulation of vandetanib in women with recurrent ovarian cancer. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: A phase II trial of orally administered vandetanib 300 mg daily was designed to include analyses of target inhibition through paired biopsies and dynamic imaging. Core 18-gauge needle biopsies and dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging were obtained before initiation of therapy and 6 weeks into therapy. Biopsy samples were subjected to reverse-phase protein lysate array endpoint analysis. Cytokine concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in serially collected plasma samples. RESULTS: Twelve patients entered the study, and accrual was terminated in the first stage because of lack of response or disease stabilization beyond 6 months. Adverse events included rash, diarrhea, and prolonged QT interval corrected for heart rate, but not hypertension. Exploratory analyses showed that epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) phosphorylation was reduced in the eight paired biopsy sets obtained; vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor-2 phosphorylation was not consistently affected nor were dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI permeability and flow parameters. Serial plasma VEGF concentrations were variable and did not significantly change in the 11 patients assessed. CONCLUSIONS: Vandetanib 300 mg daily monotherapy had no significant clinical benefit in this disease setting. Proteomic analysis of paired biopsies detected both phosphorylated-EGFR and phosphorylated-VEGF receptor-2 in ovarian tumor tissue, but only phosphorylated-EGFR was measurably inhibited by vandetanib.
High-throughput sequencing of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) promises to facilitate personalized cancer therapy. However, low quantities of cell-free DNA (cfDNA) in the blood and sequencing artifacts currently limit analytical sensitivity. To overcome these limitations, we introduce an approach for integrated digital error suppression (iDES). Our method combines in silico elimination of highly stereotypical background artifacts with a molecular barcoding strategy for the efficient recovery of cfDNA molecules. Individually, these two methods each improve the sensitivity of cancer personalized profiling by deep sequencing (CAPP-Seq) by about threefold, and synergize when combined to yield  approximately 15-fold improvements. As a result, iDES-enhanced CAPP-Seq facilitates noninvasive variant detection across hundreds of kilobases. Applied to non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, our method enabled biopsy-free profiling of EGFR kinase domain mutations with 92% sensitivity and >99.99% specificity at the variant level, and with 90% sensitivity and 96% specificity at the patient level. In addition, our approach allowed monitoring of NSCLC ctDNA down to 4 in 10(5) cfDNA molecules. We anticipate that iDES will aid the noninvasive genotyping and detection of ctDNA in research and clinical settings.
While the small molecule epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors erlotinib and gefitinib have modest clinical benefit in unselected patients with non-small cell lung cancer after platinum-based chemotherapy, an emerging and potentially more elegant strategy is to move these agents to the frontline setting for select patients. Those with somatic mutations in EGFR respond dramatically to EGFR inhibitors, and mounting evidence from recent clinical trials, particularly the Iressa Pan-Asia Study (IPASS) trial, confirms superior response rates, progression-free survival, and tolerability with this targeted therapy compared with conventional chemotherapy. Here, we review the studies supporting the use of EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the frontline setting in patients with EGFR mutations.
RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the value of adding Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) with Apparent Diffusion Coefficient (ADC) mapping to dynamic contrast enhanced (DCE-MRI) to distinguish benign from malignant pathology subtypes and tumor recurrence. METHOD AND MATERIALS: In this retrospective IRB approved study, 956 consecutive patients underwent bilateral breast MRI between 1/2015 and 12/2015, with 156 BIRADS 4, 5, or 6 lesions detected in 111 patients. DWI imaging at B0, B100, B600, B1000 was performed with DCE-MRI. Values for diffusion and ADC images were recorded by two fellowship-trained breast radiologists. Mean ADC and signal intensity (SI) values were correlated with histology, tumor grade, hormone receptors (ER, PR, and HER-2)and Oncotype DX scores, when available. p </= 0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Of 156 lesions, there were 59 (38%) benign lesions, 24 (15%) Ductal Carcinoma In-Situ, 47 (30%) Invasive Ductal Carcinoma (IDC), 15 (10%) Invasive Lobular Carcinoma (ILC) and 2 (2%) Mucinous carcinoma (MC), five (5%) mixed IDC and ILC, and four (4%) other, including tubular and rare types of malignancy. Mean ADC values for malignancy were significantly lower than for benign lesions (1085 +/- 343x10(-)(6) vs 1481 +/- 276x10(-)(6) mm(2)/s), which is highly predictive (area under curve=0.82). In addition, tumors with PR negativity and Oncotype score >/=18 (intermediate to high risk for recurrence) demonstrated significantly lower ADC values. SI at B100 and B600 was helpful in distinguishing benign versus IDC. There was no significant correlation between ADC values and tumor grade or ER/HER2 status. CONCLUSION: ADC value is important factor in distinguishing malignancy, differentiating tumors with higher Oncotype score, and PR negativity. Therefore, it can be used as an important tool to assist appropriate treatment selection.
Breast cancer is one of the most significant cancers affecting women. The link between smoking and breast cancer development, along with its effects on treatment, needs further investigation for clear validation. Our previous study using breast cancer patient-derived xenograft (PDX) models revealed that prolonged nicotine exposure accelerates HER2-positive tumor progression and reduces trastuzumab efficacy. In this study, RNA sequencing of nicotine-exposed PDX tumors revealed the 50 most altered differentially expressed genes (DEGs), with PPI networks analyzed via STRING. Higher fibronectin (FN1) expression in cancer cells is linked to worse survival in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients (**p<0.01). To investigate the effects of nicotine on aggressive breast cancer, our study utilized the TNBC-PDX and MDA-MB-231 cell models. Our results revealed that prolonged nicotine exposure promoted tumor growth, increased FN1 protein levels, enhanced cell adhesion and metastasis-related proteins, and diminished the efficacy of Cisplatin. Our previous research emphasized the therapeutic potential of natural compounds in combating nicotine-induced breast cancer. Prolonged nicotine (10mM) exposure for 17 generations (p17), followed by 24-hour treatment with 15muM Inotilone, reduced FN1 protein expression and significantly inhibited MDA-MB-231 cell migration (**p<0.01). To validate the tumor-suppressive effects of Inotilone and its inhibition of nicotine-induced FN1 overexpression beyond TNBC cells, we utilized a HER2+HCC-1954 breast cancer xenograft model in NSG mice, which showed significantly reduced tumor growth upon intraperitoneal Inotilone treatment (40mg/kg every four days) compared to controls (**p<0.01). In conclusion, Inotilone demonstrates promise as an adjunctive therapy for breast cancer by effectively downregulating FN1 expression and mitigating tumor progression associated with prolonged nicotine exposure in vivo.
Menopausal hormone therapy (HT) is associated with an increased breast cancer risk among postmenopausal women. In this study, we investigated genetic effect modification of HT associated breast cancer risk in 3,149 postmenopausal breast cancer patients and 5,489 controls from the two German population-based case-control studies MARIE and GENICA. Twenty-eight polymorphisms of 14 candidate genes including two drug and hormone transporter genes (ABCB1/MDR1 and SHBG), four genes involved in cell cycle regulation (BRCA1, P21/CDKN1A, STK15/AURKA and TP53), six cytokine genes (IGFBP3, IL6, TGFB1, TNF, LTA and IGF1), and two cytokine receptor genes (EGFR and ERBB2) were genotyped using validated methods. Conditional logistic regression was used to assess multiplicative statistical interaction between polymorphisms and duration of estrogen-progestagen therapy and estrogen monotherapy use with regard to breast cancer risk assuming log-additive and co-dominant modes of inheritance. Women homozygous for the major ABCB1_rs2214102_G allele were found to be at a significantly increased breast cancer risk associated with combined estrogen-progestagen therapy [odds ratio (OR) = 1.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.12-1.23, P (interaction) = 0.022]. Additionally, risk associated with estrogen monotherapy was modified by BRCA1_rs799917. We observed a trend with increasing minor T alleles leading to the highest risk in homozygous carriers of the minor allele [OR (95% CI) = 1.17 (0.98-1.39), 1.06 (0.98-1.14), and 1.02 (0.94-1.11) for homozygous minor, heterozygous, and homozygous major allele carriers, respectively; P (interaction) = 0.032]. Our results suggest that genetic variants in ABCB1 and BRCA1 may modify the effect of HT on postmenopausal breast cancer risk.
Lithium is a specific inhibitor of GSK3-beta, and hence, an activator of the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway, whereas the epidermal growth factor (EGF) has been linked to malignant transformation in epithelial cancer cells. Both pathways are aberrantly activated in most colorectal cancers (CRCs). However, the relationship between them in modulating events related to the progression of this cancer type remains to be defined. In this study, we investigated whether the Wnt/beta-catenin and EGFR pathways converge to modulate the malignant potential of CRC. We used Caco-2 cells, a well-established model used to study CRC, and treatments with lithium chloride, as a modulator of the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway, and with EGF as an inducer of EGFR signaling. We found that both agents altered the subcellular distribution of claudin-1 and beta-catenin, two important proteins of the apical junctional complex, but not their abundance in the cell. Nuclear stabilization of beta-catenin, a marker of Wnt pathway activation, was observed after treatment with both compounds. However, lithium, but not EGF, inhibited GSK3-beta, indicating that these agents modulate this enzyme in a differential fashion. Furthermore, EGF treatment increased the proliferative and migratory capacity but did not alter the colony formation potential of these cells. Surprisingly, lithium, known to activate the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway, inhibited the increased proliferation by arresting cells in the G2/M phase as well as the cell migration promoted by EGF, as demonstrated by the combined treatment with these agents. Lithium treatment alone reduced the cell colony formation. Thus, our findings suggest that lithium plays an important role in regulating cellular events related to tumor progression in CRC.
Real-world data on the efficacy and tolerability of isatuximab with pomalidomide and dexamethasone (IsaPomDex) in relapsed/refractory myeloma patients have not been reported. In this UK-wide retrospective study, IsaPomDex outcomes were evaluated across 24 routine care cancer centers. The primary endpoint was overall response rate (ORR). Secondary endpoints included progression-free survival (PFS), duration of response (DOR) for patients who achieved an objective response (>/=partial response [PR]), and adverse events (AEs). In a total cohort 107 patients, median follow up (interquartile range [IQR]) was 12.1 months (10.1-18.6 mo), median age (IQR) was 69 years (61-77). Median (IQR) Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI) score was 3 (2-4); 43% had eGFR <60 mL/min. Median (IQR) number of prior therapies was 3 (3-3). Median (IQR) number of IsaPomDex cycles administered was 7 (3-13). ORR was 66.4%, with responses categorized as >/= very good partial response: 31.8%, PR: 34.6%, stable disease: 15.9%, progressive disease: 15%, and unknown 2.8%. Median PFS was 10.9 months. Median DOR was 10.3 months. There was no statistical difference in median PFS by age (<65: 10.2 versus 65-74 13.2 versus >/=75: 8.5 mo, log-rank P = 0.4157), by CCI score (<4: 10.2 mo versus >/=4: 13.2, log-rank P = 0.6531), but inferior PFS was observed with renal impairment (>/=60: 13.2 versus <60: 7.9 mo, log-rank P = 0.0408). Median OS was 18.8 months. After a median of 4 cycles, any grade AEs were experienced by 87.9% of patients. The most common >/=G3 AEs were neutropenia (45.8%), infections (18.7%), and thrombocytopenia (14%). Our UK-wide IsaPomDex study demonstrated encouraging efficacy outcomes in the real world, comparable to ICARIA-MM trial.
There is a pressing need for methods to define the functional relevance of genetic alterations identified by next-generation sequencing of cancer specimens. We developed new approaches to efficiently construct full-length cDNA libraries from small amounts of total RNA, screen for transforming and resistance phenotypes, and deconvolute by next-generation sequencing. Using this platform, we screened a panel of cDNA libraries from primary specimens and cell lines in cytokine-dependent murine Ba/F3 cells. We demonstrate that cDNA library-based screening can efficiently identify DNA and RNA alterations that confer either cytokine-independent proliferation or resistance to targeted inhibitors, including RNA alterations and intergenic fusions. Using barcoded next-generation sequencing, we simultaneously deconvoluted cytokine-independent clones recovered after transduction of 21 cDNA libraries. This approach identified multiple gain-of-function alleles, including KRAS G12D, NRAS Q61K and an activating splice variant of ERBB2. This approach has broad applicability for identifying transcripts that confer proliferation, resistance and other phenotypes in vitro and potentially in vivo.
BACKGROUND: Adenosquamous carcinoma (ADSC) of the lung, a rare but aggressive subtype of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), is defined as a carcinoma containing components of adenocarcinoma (ADC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SqCC). Mutations of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are found at a frequency of 15 to 44% in Asian ADSC, and EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) are a more effective treatment for EGFR-mutated ADSC compared to chemotherapy. However, ADSC in small lung biopsies could be misdiagnosed as SqCC or non-small cell carcinoma (NSCC) favor SqCC due to undersampling, which may result in neglecting of EGFR mutation testing and affecting patients' clinical management, particularly in Asian patients that relatively have high prevalence of EGFR mutation. METHODS: A total of 148 small lung biopsy cases with pathological diagnosis of SqCC or NSCC favor SqCC were retrospectively enrolled. The frequency of EGFR mutations and the correlation between patients' EGFR mutation status and clinicopathological characteristics were evaluated. RESULTS: EGFR mutations were found in 8.8% (13 /148) of all cases with 5.2% (7/135) in SqCC and 46.2% (6/13) in NSCC favor SqCC. There were 7 (53.8%) L858R mutation, 4 (30.8%) exon 19 deletions, and 2 (15.4%) cases with coexistent L858R and T790 M mutations. Multivariate analysis showed that EGFR mutations were more prevalent in never-smokers (83.3% versus 16.7%, p = 0.006) and patients diagnosed as NSCC favor SqCC (46.2% versus 5.2%, p = 0.001). Moreover, 75% (3/4) of EGFR mutation-positive cases with subsequent surgical resection or rebiopsy were further diagnosed as ADSC. CONCLUSIONS: EGFR mutation testing should be performed in Asian patients with SqCC diagnosed from small lung biopsies, especially in never-smokers and patients with diagnosis of NSCC favor SqCC, which have a high probability of being ADSC.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is characterized by a deficiency in the estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and HER2/neu genes. Patients with TNBC have an increased likelihood of distant recurrence and mortality, compared with patients with other subtypes of breast cancer. The current study aimed to identify novel biomarkers for TNBC. Weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA) was applied to construct gene co-expression networks; these were used to explore the correlation between mRNA profiles and clinical data, thus identifying the most significant co-expression network associated with the American Joint Committee on Cancer-TNM stage of TNBC. Using RNAseq datasets from The Cancer Genome Atlas, downloaded from the University of California, Santa Cruz, WGCNA identified 23 modules via K-means clustering. The most significant module consisted of 248 genes, on which gene ontology analysis was subsequently performed. Differently Expressed Gene (DEG) analysis was then applied to determine the DEGs between normal and tumor tissues. A total of 42 genes were positioned in the overlap between DEGs and the most significant module. Following survival analysis, 5 genes [GIPC PDZ domain containing family member 1 (GIPC1), hes family bHLH transcription factor 6 (HES6), calmodulin-regulated spectrin-associated protein family member 3 (KIAA1543), myosin light chain kinase 2 (MYLK2) and peter pan homolog (PPAN)] were selected and their association with the American Joint Committee on Cancer-TNM diagnostic stage was investigated. The expression level of these genes in different pathological stages varied, but tended to increase in more advanced pathological stages. The expression of these 5 genes exhibited accurate capacity for the identification of tumor and normal tissues via receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. High expression of GIPC1, HES6, KIAA1543, MYLK2 and PPAN resulted in poor overall survival (OS) in patients with TNBC. In conclusion, via unsupervised clustering methods, a co-expressed gene network with high inter-connectivity was constructed, and 5 genes were identified as biomarkers for TNBC.
Triple-negative breast cancers (TNBCs) are estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER2 receptor-negative subtypes of breast cancers that show the worst prognoses and lack targeted therapies. Here, we have coupled the screening of  approximately 400 anticancer agents that are under development or in the clinic with chemoproteomic and metabolomic profiling to identify novel metabolic mechanisms for agents that impair TNBC pathogenicity. We identify 20 anticancer compounds that significantly impaired cell survival across multiple types of TNBC cells. Among these 20 leads, the phytoestrogenic natural product licochalcone A was of interest, since TNBCs are unresponsive to estrogenic therapies, indicating that licochalcone A was likely acting through another target. Using chemoproteomic profiling approaches, we reveal that licochalcone A impairs TNBC pathogenicity, not through modulating estrogen receptor activity but rather through inhibiting prostaglandin reductase 1, a metabolic enzyme involved in leukotriene B4 inactivation. We also more broadly performed metabolomic profiling to map additional metabolic mechanisms of compounds that impair TNBC pathogenicity. Overlaying lipidomic profiling with drug responses, we find that deubiquitinase inhibitors cause dramatic elevations in acyl carnitine levels, which impair mitochondrial respiration and contribute to TNBC pathogenic impairments. We thus put forth two unique metabolic nodes that are targeted by drugs or drug candidates that impair TNBC pathogenicity. Our results also showcase the utility of coupling drug screens with chemoproteomic and metabolomic profiling to uncover unique metabolic drivers of TNBC pathogenicity.
Accurate assessment of HER2 expression in tumor tissue is crucial for determining HER2-targeted treatment options. Nevertheless, pathologists' assessments of HER2 status are less objective than automated, computer-based evaluations. Artificial Intelligence (AI) promises enhanced accuracy and reproducibility in HER2 interpretation. This study aimed to systematically evaluate current AI algorithms for HER2 immunohistochemical diagnosis, offering insights to guide the development of more adaptable algorithms in response to evolving HER2 assessment practices. A comprehensive data search of the PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, and Web of Science databases was conducted using a combination of subject terms and free text. A total of 4994 computational pathology articles published from inception to September 2023 identifying HER2 expression in breast cancer were retrieved. After applying predefined inclusion and exclusion criteria, seven studies were selected. These seven studies comprised 6867 HER2 identification tasks, with two studies employing the HER2-CONNECT algorithm, two using the CNN algorithm, one with the multi-class logistic regression algorithm, and two using the HER2 4B5 algorithm. AI's sensitivity and specificity for distinguishing HER2 0/1+ were 0.98 [0.92-0.99] and 0.92 [0.80-0.97] respectively. For distinguishing HER2 2+, the sensitivity and specificity were 0.78 [0.50-0.92] and 0.98 [0.93-0.99], respectively. For HER2 3+ distinction, AI exhibited a sensitivity of 0.99 [0.98-1.00] and specificity of 0.99 [0.97-1.00]. Furthermore, due to the lack of HER2-targeted therapies for HER2-negative patients in the past, pathologists may have neglected to distinguish between HER2 0 and 1+, leaving room for improvement in the performance of artificial intelligence (AI) in this differentiation. AI excels in automating the assessment of HER2 immunohistochemistry, showing promising results despite slight variations in performance across different HER2 status. While incorporating AI algorithms into the pathology workflow for HER2 assessment poses challenges in standardization, application patterns, and ethical considerations, ongoing advancements suggest its potential as a widely effective tool for pathologists in clinical practice in the near future.
BACKGROUND: Identification of genomic alterations (e.g., EGFR, ALK, ROS1, BRAF, NTRK, and MET) is essential for initiating targeted therapy in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (aNSCLC). This study estimated the budget impact of using the sequential single-gene (SSG) test, which tests for each mutation one at a time, versus next-generation sequencing (NGS), which tests for all mutations at the same time, among newly diagnosed patients with aNSCLC from a Japanese healthcare payer's perspective. METHODS: A budget impact model (BIM) was used to determine the expected budget impact associated with NGS for newly diagnosed aNSCLC in Japan over a 3-year period. The BIM compared the total costs (biopsy, testing, and treatment) and average turnaround time of "future NGS" and "current NGS" versus SSG testing. RESULTS: The adoption of current NGS over SSG testing had a budget impact of -0.24%, but adoption of future NGS over SSG testing had a budget impact of +4.33% across a 3-year time horizon on the Japanese budget for aNSCLC treatment. The adoption of current or future NGS over SSG testing would shorten the average turnaround time for testing. CONCLUSIONS: The adoption of current NGS over SSG testing would slightly decrease the yearly costs. However, the adoption of future or current NGS over SSG testing would shorten the average turnaround time, enabling faster identification of genomic alterations and earlier initiation of treatment for aNSCLC patients in Japan.
Human normal mammary epithelial cells (NMECs) have 2 major in vitro growth restrictions, senescence and crisis. Cellular immortalization is considered a hallmark of malignancy. However, cancerous mammary epithelial cells (CMECs) that are thought to have passed growth barriers in vivo usually cannot be established long-term in vitro. Here we show that CMECs deprived of their natural environment and grown in conventional complete medium behave similar to NMECs, e.g., they stop producing telomerase and become senescent. Like NMECs, CMECs are rescued by SV40 large T (LT) from senescence but not from crisis. The telomere length of both LT-transformed NMEC (N-LT) and CMEC (C-LT) cells first shortens but later partially recovers after telomerase activation. Both cell types upregulate ErbB2 expression, acquire genetic changes, remain long-term dependent on LT and ErbB2 and are nontumorigenic. Despite these similarities, N-LT and C-LT cells cultured in selection medium show different growth characteristics in 3D culture and in vivo tumorigenesis. Thus, CMECs are under a comparable in vitro selective pressure in conventional monolayer culture as NMECs despite their in vivo malignancy. This data demonstrate that most primary breast cancer cells are still unable to overcome the in vitro growth restrictions and suggest that the relationship of in vitro immortalization and in vivo carcinogenesis should be re-evaluated.
Here we develop a tool to predict resectability of HER2+ breast cancer at breast conservation surgery (BCS) utilizing features identified on preoperative breast MRI. We identified patients with HER2+ breast cancer who obtained pre-operative breast MRI and underwent BCS between 2002-2013. From the contoured tumor on pre-operative MRI, shape, histogram, and co-occurrence and size zone matrix texture features were extracted. In univariate analysis, Spearman's correlation coefficient (Rs) was used to assess the correlation between each image feature and an endpoint (surgical re-excision). For multivariate modeling, we employed a support vector machine (SVM) method in a manner of leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV). Of 109 patients with HER2+breast cancer who underwent BCS, 39% underwent surgical re-excision. 62% had residual cancer at re-excision. In univariate analysis, solidity (Rs = -0.32, p = 0.009) and extent (Rs = -0.29, p = 0.019) were significantly associated with re-excision. Skewness in post-contrast 1, 2, and 3 (Rs = 0.25, p = 0.045; Rs = 0.30, p = 0.015; Rs = 0.28, p = 0.026) and kurtosis in post-contrast 1 (Rs = 0.26, p = 0.035) were also statistically significant. LOOCV-based SVM test achieved 74.4% specificity and 71.4% sensitivity when 21 features were used. Thus, tumor texture, histogram and morphological MRI features may assist surgical planning, encouraging wide margins or mastectomy in patients who may otherwise go on to re-excision.
Acquired resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), such as gefitinib and erlotinib, is a critical issue for the treatment of EGFR mutant-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Recent evidence supports the role of microRNA-223 (miR223) in modulating chemotherapeutic drug sensitivity, but its role in the resistance to EGFR-TKIs in NSCLC remains unclear. To this end, we investigated the involvement of miR223 in erlotinib resistance, using two pairs of TKI-sensitive or resistant cell lines, PC9 vs PC9/ER, and HCC827 vs HCC827/ER, as well as PC9/CD133+, which are lung cancer stem-like cells derived from PC9 cells. Downregulation of miR223 expression in PC9/ER and PC9/CD133+ cells was detected, and the reverse correlation of miR-233 and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) in these cells was also revealed. Next, levels of IGF1R mRNA and p-Akt were significantly reduced in miR223 stably transfected PC9/ER and PC9/CD133+ cells. However, the sensitivity of PC9/ER and PC9/CD133+ cells to erlotinib was partially restored, after overexpression of miR223 in those cells. Similar results were also observed in vivo. Furthermore, miR223-mediated inhibition of the IGF1R/PI3K/Akt signaling pathway may have been reversed by the agonist of IGF1R in miR223 transfected cells. Our findings indicated that downregulation of miR223, which can induce activation of the IGF1R/phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt pathway in PC9/ER and PC9/CD133+ cells, may be responsible for the resistance of PC9/ER and PC9/CD133+ cells to erlotinib, suggesting that miR223 is a potential therapeutic target for overcoming EGFR-TKIs resistance.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Oral SERDs are under extensive development to overcome fulvestrant main limitations, including intramuscular-only formulation and poor performance in early-stage hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/HER2-negative breast cancer. This review summarizes the most relevant evidence published so far and envisions the potential integration of oral SERDs in the therapeutic algorithm of HR+/HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer (MBC). RECENT FINDINGS: Amcenestrant and giredestrant, two of the most promising oral SERDs, recently failed to show a significant improvement in progression-free survival (PFS) in pivotal trials. Conversely, elacestrant demonstrated significant PFS superiority over standard-of-care endocrine therapy (aromatase inhibitors or fulvestrant) in MBC. Additionally, it did not show unusual side effects observed with other oral SERDs, like bradycardia, hematotoxicity and vision impairment, and proved to be effective also in case of ESR1 -mutant endocrine-resistant breast cancer. Combination trials of oral SERDs with target agents, such as CDK4/6-inhibitors, are ongoing. Finally, some window-of-opportunity trials showed promising on-target activity in early-stage for this drug class. SUMMARY: Promising results from early-phase trials are not translating into sufficient clinical benefit in pivotal trials of main oral SERDs in monotherapy, except for elacestrant. Whether oral SERDs might become the backbone for combination strategies in MBC or the preferred (neo)adjuvant endocrine agents is under evaluation.
AIM: This study was performed to evaluate patterns of breast cancer subtypes in Korean patients with synchronous (SBC) or metachronous bilateral breast cancer (MBC). METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed records of 302 patients with SBC (n = 161) or MBC (n = 141) who received curative surgery at our hospital between 1995 and 2013. Expression of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) was determined by immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining. We categorized breast cancers into the following subtypes: ER+ or PR+, HER2- (i.e., luminalA); ER+ or PR+, HER2+ (i.e., luminalB HER2+); ER-, PR- and HER2+ (i.e., HER2-enriched); ER-, PR- and HER2- (i.e., triple negative, TN). RESULTS: More patients with MBC were </=40 years at the time of breast cancer diagnosis than patients with SBC (34.6% vs. 19.3%, P < 0.01). The proportion of subtypes in SBC and MBC were as follows: luminalA, 65.8% vs. 45.0%; luminalB, HER2+, 9.0% vs. 8.5%; HER2-enriched, 4.1% vs. 12.1%; and TN, 11.2% vs. 31.2%, respectively (P < 0.01). The 10-year overall survival rate in patients with SBC and MBC was 89.0% and 93.6%, respectively. The 10-year disease-free survival rate in patients with SBC and MBC was 79.6% and 80.9%, respectively. Locoregional recurrence was found in 2.5% of patients with SBC and 9.9% of patients with MBC. Distant metastasis occurred in 8.7% of patients with SBC and 4.9% of patients with MBC. CONCLUSION: The distribution of breast cancer subtypes was different between SBC and MBC. TN-subtype was profoundly more frequent in MBC whereas luminal-subtype was most frequently found among SBC.
Treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) that target the programmed cell death 1/programmed cell death ligand-1 (PD-1/PD-L1) axis is usually ineffective in patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), either as first-line treatment or in later lines. By contrast, especially for patients with common EGFR mutations (exon 19 deletion/L858R point mutation), an orally bioavailable EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) is the best upfront therapy, being able to provide response rates well above 50% and a median progression-free survival ranging from 11 to 19 months, depending on whether a second-generation (e.g., afatinib) or a third-generation (i.e., osimertinib) EGFR-TKI is used. Unfortunately, treatment options for these patients at the time of acquired resistance are limited. As for afatinib-pretreated patients, those who develop a T790M mutation may benefit from osimertinib, whereas platinum-based chemotherapy is the preferable therapeutic strategy for T790M-negative patients as well as for patients who progress on osimertinib administered as first-line therapy. Here, we describe the case of an exon-19-deleted patient who experienced a complete response to the anti-PD-1 agent pembrolizumab upon the development of T790M-negative acquired resistance to afatinib. Furthermore, we discuss this case in the context of the existing literature, especially focusing on the importance of evaluating multiple markers of immune response post-EGFR-TKI and prior to ICI treatment in order to select the best treatment strategy in this clinical scenario.
The standard of care for patients with operable gastric adenocarcinoma is perioperative chemotherapy and surgical resection. The deficient mismatch repair (dMMR)/microsatellite instability (MSI-H) phenotype is a major predictive biomarker for immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) efficacy in advanced disease. Several phase II and III trials suggest a promising future role of immunotherapy with or without chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant/adjuvant setting, especially in MSI-H localized gastric adenocarcinomas. We present a 38-year-old man diagnosed in March 2022 with poorly differentiated gastric adenocarcinoma clinical stage III (cT4 N0 M0) with deficiency of MLH1 and PMS2, combined positive score (CPS) of 100 and negative HER2 immunohistochemistry, had poor tumor response to preoperative 5-FU, leucovorin, oxaliplatin, and docetaxel (FLOT). It was considered unresectable because of the involvement of the colon, mesocolon, duodenum, pancreas, and retroperitoneum. Then, first-line systemic treatment with 5-FU, leucovorin, and oxaliplatin (FOLFOX)-nivolumab was initiated in August 2022, with a significant radiologic tumor reduction after six cycles, allowing a curative surgery in March 2023 with complete pathologic tumor response, followed by capecitabine and nivolumab for one year, maintaining radiological remission in the last follow-up in April 2024. With this case report, we conclude that it is likely that chemoimmunotherapy or immunotherapy alone may be alternative neoadjuvant treatment choices for MSI-H locally advanced gastric cancer patients.
Alkaline phosphatase placental-like 2 (ALPPL2) is a member of the ALPP alkaline phosphatase family and is reported to be associated with the growth of some tumors. Gastric cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide. We previously identified a distinct expression pattern of ALPPL2 between gastric cancer and adjacent normal tissues. In this study, we examined the expression of ALPPL2 in gastric adenocarcinoma and its ability to predict prognosis. We used bioinformatics analysis and immunohistochemistry to examine the expression pattern of ALPPL2 and analyzed the associations between ALPPL2 level and perioperative characteristics and the prognosis of gastric adenocarcinoma patients by Kaplan-Meier plotter analysis. Our results indicated that the expression of ALPPL2 was significantly increased in gastric adenocarcinoma (P<.01) and was an independent factor (P<.05) that could provide reliable prognostic information on gastric adenocarcinoma patients. High expression of ALPPL2 was associated with advanced TNM stage (P<.05) and high HER-2 expression (P<.01). Our study suggests that ALPPL2 has the potential to reveal prognostic information on gastric cancer.
BACKGROUND: Comprehensive cancer genomic profiling has been used recently for patients with advanced solid cancers. Two cancer genomic profiling tests for patients with no standard treatment are covered by Japanese public health insurance since June 2019. METHODS: We prospectively analyzed data of 189 patients with solid cancers who underwent either of the two-cancer genomic profiling tests at Hokkaido University Hospital and its liaison hospitals and whose results were discussed in molecular tumor board at Hokkaido University Hospital between August 2019 and July 2020. RESULTS: All 189 patients had appropriate results. Actionable gene alterations were identified in 93 patients (49%). Frequent mutations included PIK3CA (12%) mutation, BRCA1/2 alteration (7%), ERBB2 amplification (6%) and tumor mutation burden-High (4%). The median turnaround time from sample shipping to acquisition by the expert panel was 26 days. Although 115 patients (61%) were provided with information for genotype-matched therapies, only 21 (11%) received them. Notably, four of eight patients below the age of 20 years were provided information for genotype-matched therapies, and three received them. Their response rates and disease control rates were 29% and 67%, respectively. Most patients who did not undergo the genotype-matched therapies were provided information for only investigational drugs in phases I and II at distant clinical trial sites in central Japan. Twenty-six patients were informed of suspected germline findings, while 11 patients (42%) received genetic counseling. CONCLUSIONS: The publicly reimbursed cancer genomic profilings may lead to the modest but favorable therapeutic efficacy of genotype-matched therapy for solid cancer patients with no standard therapy. However, poor access to genotype-matched therapy needs to be resolved.
BACKGROUND: The OPTIMAL study found that erlotinib improved progression-free survival (PFS) versus standard chemotherapy in Chinese patients with advanced EGFR mutation-positive non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This report describes the quality of life (QoL) and updated PFS analyses from this study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Chinese patients >/= 18 years with histologically confirmed stage IIIB or IV NSCLC and a confirmed activating mutation of EGFR (exon 19 deletion or exon 21 L858R point mutation) received erlotinib (150 mg/day; n = 82) or gemcitabine-carboplatin (n = 72). The primary efficacy end point was PFS; QoL was assessed using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Lung (FACT-L) questionnaire, Trial Outcome Index (TOI) and Lung Cancer Subscale (LCS). RESULTS: Patients receiving erlotinib experienced clinically relevant improvements in QoL compared with the chemotherapy group in total FACT-L, TOI and LCS (P < 0.0001 for all scales). Erlotinib scored better than chemotherapy for all FACT-L subscales from baseline to cycles 2 and 4 (non-significant). In the updated analysis, PFS was significantly longer for erlotinib than chemotherapy (median PFS 13.7 versus 4.6 months; HR = 0.164, 95% CI = 0.105-0.256; P < 0.0001), which was similar to the previously reported primary analysis. CONCLUSION: Erlotinib improves QoL compared with standard chemotherapy in the first-line treatment of patients with EGFR mutation-positive advanced NSCLC.
BACKGROUNDS: Overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) has been established as a valid therapeutic target of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the clinical benefit of cetuximab as an EGFR-targeting drug is still controversial, partially due to the lack of effective means to identify suitable patients. This study aimed to investigate the potential of radiolabeled cetuximab as a non-invasive tool to predict cetuximab accumulation in NSCLC tumor xenografts with varying EGFR expression levels. METHODS: The NSCLC tumors in model mice were subjected to in vivo biodistribution study and positron emission tomography (PET) imaging 48 h after injection of either (111)In- or (64)Cu-labeled cetuximab. The EGFR expression levels of NSCLC tumors were determined by ex vivo immunoblotting. RESULTS: We found that tumors with high EGFR expression had significantly higher [(111)In]In-DOTA-cetuximab accumulation than tumors with moderate to low EGFR expression (P < 0.05). Strong correlations were found between [(111)In]In-DOTA-cetuximab tumor uptake and EGFR expression level (r = 0.893), and between [(64)Cu]Cu-DOTA-cetuximab tumor uptake with EGFR expression level (r = 0.915). PET imaging with [(64)Cu]Cu-DOTA-cetuximab allowed clear visualization of tumors. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that this immuno-PET imaging can be clinically translated as a tool to predict cetuximab accumulation in NSCLC cancer patients prior to cetuximab therapy.
Colorectal cancer (CRC) remains the second-leading cause of cancer-associated deaths, indicating an urgent need for improved therapeutic options. We previously generated antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) targeting the cancer stem-like cell marker leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptor 5 (LGR5). However, tumor relapse due to LGR5 downregulation and suboptimal payload selection warrants strategies to improve ADC efficacy. Here, we report that cetuximab, an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-targeting monoclonal antibody indicated for RAS(WT) metastatic CRC, augments LGR5 expression independent of RAS/PIK3CA mutation status and promotes EGFR-LGR5 interactions. Furthermore, we describe the development of LGR5 ADCs incorporating a camptothecin-derived payload that is well tolerated and significantly inhibits tumor growth. Importantly, cetuximab in combination with LGR5 ADCs results in enhanced tumor inhibition or regression versus single-agent treatment and extends survival in RAS(MUT) patient-derived xenografts. These findings support growing evidence that ADC combination therapies may be more effective than monotherapies and suggest a broader clinical use for cetuximab in treating RAS(MUT) CRC.
INTRODUCTION: Recurrent and/or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) has a dismal prognosis. With the emergence of monoclonal antibodies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), several drugs were developed and tested in HNSCC. To date, the monoclonal antibody cetuximab is the only approved therapy for curative and recurrent/metastatic patients. Other EGFR-targeting drugs either failed in the clinical trials or are still in the early phases of drug development and research. AREAS COVERED: In this article, previously published data and ongoing studies regarding dacomitinib, a second-generation irreversible TKI, for the treatment of HNSCC are presented and discussed. EXPERT OPINION: The current body of evidence is not mature enough to indicate the use of dacomitinib for the treatment of HNSCC in curative or in recurrent/metastatic settings. Phase II data suggest the potential of improved outcome in selected recurrent/metastatic HNSCC based on several biomarkers, which need to be evaluated in randomized phase III trials. Meanwhile, an ongoing phase I study is investigating dacomitinib's optimal dosing combined with and without cisplatin in the curative concomitant chemoradiotherapy setting.
Oestrogen receptor (ER) negative breast cancers are more likely to achieve a pathological complete response (pCR) to neoadjuvant chemotherapy compared to those with ER positive tumours. ER positive tumours exhibit low proliferation and ER negative cancers high proliferation. The aim of this study was to determine to what extent the better response of ER negative cancers correlates with proliferation rate. A retrospective analysis of a prospectively maintained database identified 175 neoadjuvant chemotherapy patients with tissue available for Ki67 analysis. On univariate analysis, pre-therapy Ki67 (P = 0.04), ER status (P = 0.002), HER2 status (P = 0.004) and grade (P = 0.0009) were associated with a pCR. In a multivariate model, HER2 was the only significant predictor of pCR. No significant relationship between pre-therapy Ki67 and relapse-free and overall survival was demonstrated. Ki67 is not an independent predictor of clinical CR or pCR. Aspects of ER status beyond its inverse relationship with proliferation may contribute to its predictive value for pCR.
Molecular imaging, such as positron emission tomography (PET), is increasingly used as biomarker to predict and assess treatment response in breast cancer. The number of biomarkers is expanding with specific tracers for tumour characteristics throughout the body and this information can be used to aid the decision-making process. These measurements include metabolic activity using [(18)F]fluorodeoxyglucose PET ([(18)F]FDG-PET), oestrogen receptor (ER) expression using 16alpha-[(18)F]Fluoro-17beta-oestradiol ([(18)F]FES)-PET and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) expression using PET with radiolabelled trastuzumab (HER2-PET). In early breast cancer, baseline [(18)F]FDG-PET is frequently used for staging, but limited subtype-specific data reduce its usefulness as biomarker for treatment response or outcome. Early metabolic change on serial [(18)F]FDG-PET is increasingly used in the neo-adjuvant setting as dynamic biomarker to predict pathological complete response to systemic therapy, potentially allowing de-intensification or step-up intensification of treatment. In the metastatic setting, baseline [(18)F]FDG-PET and [(18)F]FES-PET can be used as biomarker to predict treatment response, in triple-negative and ER-positive breast cancer, respectively. Metabolic progression on repeated [(18)F]FDG-PET appears to precede progressive disease on standard evaluation imaging; however, subtype-specific studies are limited and more prospective data are needed before implementation in clinical practice. Even though (repeated) [(18)F]FDG-PET, [(18)F]FES-PET and HER2-PEt all show promising results as biomarkers to predict therapy response and outcome, for eventual integration into clinical practice, future studies will have to clarify at what timepoint this integration has to optimally take place.
Length of the telomere (TL), a structure at the tip of chromosome that protects and ensures stability, is determined by multi-protein complexes such as telosome/shelterin and telomerase. Earlier studies from our laboratory show that longer TL has potential to be positive predictive biomarker of clinical outcome to anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody therapy in patients with KRAS WT metastatic colorectal cancer. Although there is extensive literature suggesting the role of shelterin and telomerase, not much literature exists that describes the role of EGFR and KRAS pathway in regulating TL. This detailed review focuses on an insight into various components, including proteins, enzymes and transcription factors, interlinking between EGFR pathways and telomerase that regulate TL.
PURPOSE: To identify biomarkers within the breast cancer genome that may predict chemosensitivity in breast cancer. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: We conducted an RNA interference (RNAi) screen within the breast cancer genome for genes whose loss-of-function enhanced docetaxel chemosensitivity in an estrogen receptor-negative, progesterone receptor-negative, and Her2-negative (ER-, PR-, and Her2-, respectively) breast cancer cell line, MDA-MB-231. Top candidates were tested for their ability to modulate chemosensitivity in 8 breast cancer cell lines and to show in vivo chemosensitivity in a mouse xenograft model. RESULTS: From ranking chemosensitivity of 328 short hairpin RNA (shRNA) MDA-MB-231 cell lines (targeting 133 genes with known somatic mutations in breast cancer), we focused on the top two genes, kinesin family member 14 (KIF14) and talin 1 (TLN1). KIF14 and TLN1 loss-of-function significantly enhanced chemosensitivity in four triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) cell lines (MDA-MB-231, HCC38, HCC1937, and Hs478T) but not in three hormone receptor-positive cell lines (MCF7, T47D, and HCC1428) or normal human mammary epithelial cells (HMEC). Decreased expression of KIF14, but not TLN1, also enhanced docetaxel sensitivity in a Her2-amplified breast cancer cell line, SUM190PT. Higher KIF14 and TLN1 expressions are found in TNBCs compared with the other clinical subtypes. Mammary fat pad xenografts of KIF14- and TLN1-deficient MDA-MB-231 cells revealed reduced tumor mass compared with control MDA-MB-231 cells after chemotherapy. KIF14 expression is also prognostic of relapse-free and overall survival in representative breast cancer expression arrays. CONCLUSION: KIF14 and TLN1 are modulators of response to docetaxel and potential therapeutic targets in TNBC.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) usually develop disease progression after a median of 10 to 14 mo on tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI). Several mechanisms of resistance to TKI have been described, threonine-methionine substitution at position 790 (T790M), mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (MET) amplification, overexpression of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), upregulation of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) receptor signaling, transformation to small cell lung cancer, and so on. A variety of different therapeutic approaches aimed at overcoming resistance are motivated, irreversible EGFR inhibitors, combination with EGFR targeted antibodies, mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (MET) inhibitors, HGF inhibitors, and so forth. Nevertheless, the results were not optimistic. Here we report a case of reversion of erlotinib-acquired resistance twice, and had a good improvement of outcomes every time. There are some possible reasons for this phenomenon. Considering this report, the patients who acquired resistance after retreatment of EGFR-TKI, using EGFR-TKI repeatedly may be a choice selectively.
BACKGROUND: Liquid biopsy, in the form of cell-free-DNA (cfDNA), circulating-tumour-DNA (ctDNA), and circulating tumour cells (CTCs) can be used to monitor the efficacy of systemic therapy. We investigated the predictive value of these markers in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (aNSCLC) treated with pembrolizumab within a prospective phase-II maintenance study of pembrolizumab post-platinum-doublet-chemotherapy (NCT02705820). METHODS: Plasma-derived cfDNA was evaluated in 125 patients' plasma samples at baseline (t0), after 3 weeks (t1), 6 weeks (t2) and 9 weeks (t3) from 46 individuals and analysed by next-generation sequencing to identify and quantify somatic mutations. CTCs were detected in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and characterised according to programme death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) and Ki67. RESULTS: Patients presenting cfDNA increase at t2 had shorter progression-free survival (PFS; 2.05 vs. 6.1 months, P=0.04) and overall survival (OS; 8.35 vs. 20.0 months, P=0.004) than those with decreased cfDNA. Somatic mutations were found in 58.14% of patients in TP53, EGFR, KRAS, ALK, PI3KCA and MAP2K1 genes. Patients with >50% decrease or clearance in ctDNA from baseline to early treatment had 3.34 times lower risk for progression and improved survival outcomes (P=0.03). A high Ki67 CTC-index negatively affected PFS [hazard ratio (HR) =10.13, P=0.03] and OS (HR =6.1, P=0.01). Combining ctDNA dynamics and Ki67 was superior to any single marker in identifying patients with disease progression, with a sensitivity of 88.2% at t0 and 70% at t2 and a false-positive rate of 30.4% at t0 and 11.1% at t2. CONCLUSIONS: Monitoring ctDNA mutation dynamics during early treatment could serve as a promising real-time predictor of response. Moreover, combining ctDNA-dynamics with Ki67 provides enhanced predictive accuracy for progression, supporting the importance of more holistic multifactorial analyses in the prediction of immunotherapy response in aNSCLC.
BACKGROUND. Practices vary for screening patients for risk of renal dysfunction before administration of iodinated contrast medium. A 2020 American College of Radiology/National Kidney Foundation (ACR/NKF) consensus statement provided streamlined screening criteria. OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this study was to assess the yield of patient-reported risk factors for identifying estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) less than 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2) before outpatient CT. METHODS. This retrospective study was performed at a health system that implemented an electronic screening form for patients to complete before outpatient CT encounters to report undergoing dialysis, taking cancer-treating medications, having kidney disease, undergoing prior kidney surgery, having diabetes mellitus treated with medication, having hypertension treated with medication, or having multiple myeloma. Patients with any risk factor were required to undergo eGFR testing before CT. Of 44,708 patients completing the form from June 1, 2020, through February 28, 2021, 10,256 patients (5315 men, 4941 women; mean age, 66.8 +/- 11.9 [SD] years; range, 21-98 years) underwent eGFR testing on the day of CT. Multivariable regression analysis for predicting reduced eGFR was performed. Findings were compared with those from theoretic use of the ACR/NKF criteria. RESULTS. Same-day testing yielded eGFR less than 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2) in 1.4% (144/10,256) of patients. The only significant independent predictors of low eGFR were dialysis (odds ratio [OR], 203.30], kidney disease (OR, 12.55), and diabetes mellitus treated with medication (OR, 2.44). If the ACR/NKF criteria (only kidney disease, defined as dialysis, kidney disease, or prior kidney surgery) had been followed as a trigger for eGFR testing, the number of patients needing testing would have decreased 89.7%, from 10,256 to 1059; yield would have increased to 7.2% (76/1059); and 47.2% (68/144) of patients with low eGFR would have been missed. If the ACR/NKF criteria had been followed but diabetes mellitus been considered a required rather than an optional criterion, the number of patients needing testing would have decreased 77.1%, to 2353; yield would have increased to 4.0% (95/2353); and 34.0% (49/144) of patients with low eGFR would have been missed. CONCLUSION. Using patient-reported risk factors resulted in frequent eGFR testing but low yield of low eGFR. Commonly applied risk factors were not independently associated with low eGFR. CLINICAL IMPACT. Application of ACR/NKF criteria would substantially reduce eGFR testing, but patients with renal dysfunction would be missed. The statement should consider omitting kidney surgery as a trigger for eGFR testing and including diabetes mellitus as a required trigger.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gata6 is required to complete and maintain acinar differentiation in the mouse pancreas. Pancreas-specific Gata6 ablation during development causes extensive and persistent acinar-ductal metaplasia, which is considered an initial step of mutant KRas-driven carcinogenesis. Therefore, the Gata6-null pancreas might represent a tumour-prone environment. We investigated whether Gata6 plays a role during pancreatic tumorigenesis. DESIGN: We analysed genetically engineered mouse models and human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cell lines, using a combination of histopathological studies, genome-wide expression and chromatin immunoprecipitation experiments to understand the role of Gata6 in the initiation and progression of KRas(G12V)-driven tumours RESULTS: We show that Gata6 maintains the acinar differentiation programme, both directly and indirectly, and it concomitantly suppresses ectopic programmes in the pancreas. Gata6 ablation renders acinar cells more sensitive to KRas(G12V), thereby accelerating tumour development. Gata6 expression is spontaneously lost in a mouse model of KRas(G12V)-driven PDAC, in association with altered cell differentiation. Using a combination of ChIP-Seq and RNA-Seq, we show that Gata6 exerts its tumour-suppressive effect through the promotion of cell differentiation, the suppression of inflammatory pathways, and the direct repression of cancer-related pathways. Among them is the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway, the activity of which is upregulated in the normal and preneoplastic Gata6-null pancreas. Accordingly, GATA6-silencing in human PDAC cells leads to an upregulation of EGFR. CONCLUSIONS: We propose that, in the pancreas, Gata6 acts as a tumour suppressor by enforcing acinar cell differentiation, by directly and indirectly repressing ectopic differentiation programmes, and by regulating crucial cancer-related gene expression pathways.
Targeted therapies have transformed the treatment paradigm in diseases such as non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma but have shown relatively modest clinical benefit in gastrointestinal malignancies. Anti-EGFR therapy in RAS wild-type colorectal cancer, anti-HER2 therapy in HER2- amplified esophagogastric cancer, and FGFR and isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (IDH1) inhibitors in FGFR2 fusion-positive and IDH1-mutant biliary tract cancers offer antitumor efficacy, but the clinical benefit and durability of response in each case are typically limited. We review targeted therapies in each of these therapeutic areas and discuss their clinical efficacy, mechanisms of primary and acquired resistance, and strategies to overcome this resistance. We discuss lessons learned that we hope will lead to an expanded role for molecularly targeted therapy options for patients with gastrointestinal cancers.
Lung cancer (LC) is the second leading cause of death across the globe after breast cancer. There are two types of LC viz. small cell lung cancer (SCLC) and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). NSCLC accounts for approximately 85% of all LC cases. NSCLC affects smokers and people who do not smoke and mainly arises in bronchi and peripheral lungs tissue. LC is often characterized by the alterations of key genes such as EGFR, Wnt/beta-catenin signaling, ALK, MET, K-Ras and p53 and downstream signaling pathways associated with tumor growth, differentiation, and survival. Numerous miRNAs have been discovered as a result of advances in biotechnology to treat LC. Various miRNAs those have been identified to treat LC include mir-Let7, mir-34a, mir-134, mir-16-1, mir-320a, mir-148a, mir-125a-5p, mir-497, mir-29, mir-133a, and mir-29a-3p. These miRNAs target various signaling pathways that are involved in pathogenesis of LC. However, due to rapid RNAse degradation, quick clearance, and heat instability, associated with necked miRNA leads to less effective therapeutic effect against LC. Therefore, to overcome these challenges nanocarrier loaded with miRNAs have been reported. They have been found promising because they have the capacity to target the tumor as well as they can penetrate the tumors deep due to nanometer size. Some of the clinical trials have been performed using miR-34a and let-7 for the treatment of LC. In the present manuscript we highlight the role miRNAs as well as their nanoparticle in tumor suppression.
This literature review provides a comprehensive overview of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) and explores innovative targeted therapies focused on specific hallmarks of cancer cells, aiming to revolutionize breast cancer treatment. TNBC, characterized by its lack of expression of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), presents distinct features, categorizing these invasive breast tumors into various phenotypes delineated by key elements in molecular assays. This article delves into the latest advancements in therapeutic strategies targeting components of the tumor microenvironment and pivotal hallmarks of cancer: deregulating cellular metabolism and the Warburg effect, acidosis and hypoxia, the ability to metastasize and evade the immune system, aiming to enhance treatment efficacy while mitigating systemic toxicity. Insights from in vitro and in vivo studies and clinical trials underscore the promising effectiveness and elucidate the mechanisms of action of these novel therapeutic interventions for TNBC, particularly in cases refractory to conventional treatments. The integration of targeted therapies tailored to the molecular characteristics of TNBC holds significant potential for optimizing clinical outcomes and addressing the pressing need for more effective treatment options for this aggressive subtype of breast cancer.
Approximately 20 % of human breast cancers (BC) overexpress HER2 protein, and HER2-positivity is associated with a worse prognosis. Although HER2-targeted therapies have significantly improved outcomes for HER2-positive BC patients, resistance to trastuzumab-based therapy remains a clinical problem. In order to better understand resistance to HER2-targeted therapies in HER2-positive BC, it is necessary to examine HER family signalling as a whole. An extensive literature search was carried out to critically assess the current knowledge of HER family signalling in HER2-positive BC and response to HER2-targeted therapy. Known mechanisms of trastuzumab resistance include reduced receptor-antibody binding (MUC4, p95HER2), increased signalling through alternative HER family receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK), altered intracellular signalling involving loss of PTEN, reduced p27kip1, or increased PI3K/AKT activity and altered signalling via non-HER family RTKs such as IGF1R. Emerging strategies to circumvent resistance to HER2-targeted therapies in HER2-positive BC include co-targeting HER2/PI3K, pan-HER family inhibition, and novel therapies such as T-DM1. There is evidence that immunity plays a key role in the efficacy of HER-targeted therapy, and efforts are being made to exploit the immune system in order to improve the efficacy of current anti-HER therapies. With our rapidly expanding understanding of HER2 signalling mechanisms along with the repertoire of HER family and other targeted therapies, it is likely that the near future holds further dramatic improvements to the prognosis of women with HER2-positive BC.
Tumor clearance by T cells is impaired by insufficient tumor antigen recognition, insufficient tumor infiltration, and the immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment. Although targeted T cell therapy circumvents failures in tumor antigen recognition, suppression by the tumor microenvironment and failure to infiltrate the tumor can hinder tumor clearance. Checkpoint inhibitors (CPIs) promise to reverse T cell suppression and can be combined with bispecific antibody armed T cell (BAT) therapy to improve clinical outcomes. We hypothesize that adoptively transferred T cell function may be improved by the addition of CPIs if the inhibitory pathway is functionally active. This study develops a kinetic-dynamic model of killing of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer cells mediated by BATs using single-cell transcriptomic and temporal protein data to identify T cell phenotypes and quantify inhibitory receptor expression. LAG3, PD-1, and TIGIT were identified as inhibitory receptors expressed by cytotoxic effector CD8 BATs upon exposure to hormone receptor-positive breast cancer cell lines. These data were combined with real-time tumor cytotoxicity data in a multivariate statistical analysis framework to predict the relevant contributions of T cells expressing each receptor to tumor reduction. A mechanistic kinetic-dynamic mathematical model was developed and parametrized using protein expression and cytotoxicity data for in silico validation of the findings of the multivariate statistical analysis. The model corroborated the predictions of the multivariate statistical analysis which identified LAG3+ BATs as the primary effectors, while TIGIT expression dampened cytotoxic function. These results inform CPI selection for BATs combination therapy and provide a framework to maximize BATs antitumor function.
HER3 is a member of the HER/ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases, together with EGFR (HER1), HER2 and HER4. Despite having only weak intrinsic kinase activity, HER3 can contribute to oncogenic signalling via ligand-induced heterodimerization with other HER family members. Evidence indicates that HER3 is altered or aberrantly expressed across a variety of tumour types and can be associated with poor clinical outcomes. Whereas anticancer agents targeting EGFR and HER2 have been approved for decades, no drug targeting HER3 had been approved until very recently. Initial targeting of HER3 with monoclonal antibodies as single agents or in combination with other therapeutics produced disappointing clinical results. Subsequently, efforts have been made to target HER3 with novel agents such as antibody-drug conjugates and bispecific antibodies, with promising efficacy observed in several trials encompassing various tumour types. In December 2024, the HER3 x HER2 bispecific antibody zenocutuzumab was granted FDA Accelerated Approval for the treatment of non-small-cell lung cancers or pancreatic cancers harbouring fusions involving NRG1, the gene encoding the high-affinity HER3 ligand neuregulin 1. In this Review, we provide an essential guide to HER3 signalling and oncogenesis, HER3 expression in cancer and its prognostic implications, oncogenic HER3 somatic mutations as well as rare NRG1 fusions that might depend on HER3 signalling, and the roles of HER3 in resistance to cancer therapies. We also highlight efforts to target HER3 with diverse therapeutic strategies and the potential interplay between HER3 and the antitumour immune response.
AIM: To investigate expression of microRNA (miRNA) and potential targets in chemotherapy resistant esophageal cancer cell lines. METHODS: An in-vitro model of acquired chemotherapy resistance in esophageal adeno- (EAC) and squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) cells was used, and microRNA expression profiles for cisplatin or 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) resistant variants vs chemotherapy sensitive controls were compared using microarray and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The expression of chemotherapy-relevant genes potentially targeted by the dysregulated microRNAs in the chemotherapy resistant variants was also evaluated. RESULTS: Chemotherapy resistant sublines were found to have specific miRNA signatures, and these miRNA signatures were different for the cisplatin vs 5-FU resistant cells from the same tumor cell line, and also for EAC vs ESCC cells with resistance to the same specific chemotherapy agent. Amongst others, miR-27b-3p, miR-193b-3p, miR-192-5p, miR-378 a-3p, miR-125a-5p and miR-18a-3p were dysregulated, consistent with negative posttranscriptional control of KRAS, TYMS, ABCC3, CBL-B and ERBB2 expression via these miRNAs. CONCLUSION: The current study supports the hypothesis that microRNA expression has an impact on chemotherapy resistance in esophageal cancer.
PURPOSE: Referring to global cancer statistics, the incidence of gastric cancer (GC) was ranked sixth; however, detailed mechanisms underlying its development were not thoroughly investigated. Previous studies have reported that inhibition of ubiquitin-specific peptidase 8 (USP8) induced degradation of several receptor tyrosine kinases, such as epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), embryonic stem cells (ESCs), etc. Nevertheless, the regulation of HER-2 by USP8 and the molecular mechanisms controlling their role in the pathogenesis of GC remain unknown. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 69 patients with histologically confirmed GC were recruited to satisfy the purpose of this study. Initially, tumor samples and GC cell lines were used to detect USP8 and HER-2 levels. Next, MTT and colony formation assays were applied to analyze cell proliferation capability. Cell migration and invasion ability were examined by transwell assays. To examine related mRNA and protein expressions, Western blot assays and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) were performed. Immunofluorescence was used to detect the effect of USP8 inhibitor on GC cells. Finally, in vivo experiments were used to examine the effect of USP8 inhibitor. RESULTS: Patients with USP8 high-expression tumors have shown worse overall survival while opposite results found in patients with low USP8 expressions. Regarding disease prognosis, patients with low expression of USP8 and HER-2 were performed better prognosis, whereas those with overexpression of USP8 and HER-2 shown poor prognosis. USP8 inhibitor significantly inhibited HER-2 positive cell NCI-N87 proliferation and metastasis. In addition, USP8 stabilizes HER-2, preventing it from ubiquitin proteasome-mediated degradation. In vivo studies confirmed that the USP8 inhibitor inhibited HER-2 positive cell NCI-N87 tumor growth. However, it did not affect the HER2-negative cell MGC-803. Careful investigation unraveled that the USP8 inhibitor significantly inhibited NCI-N87 cell proliferation and metastasis via phosphatidylinositol-3-kinases/protein-serine-threonine kinase (PI3K/AKT) pathway. CONCLUSION: The USP8 inhibited HER-2 positive GC cell proliferation and migration in vivo and in vitro and probably served as a novel potential therapeutic biomarker for HER-2 positive GC.
HER2-positive status is associated with increased risk of central nervous system (CNS) metastases in breast cancer patients. Leptomeningeal carcinomatosis (LMC) represents a rare but disastrous manifestation of metastatic breast cancer (MBC) with limited treatment options and poor prognosis. Several case reports of intrathecal (i.t.) trastuzumab in the treatment of LCM were published so far. Usually, i.t. trastuzumab was administered in monotherapy or in combination with metothrexate. Herein, we report for the first time two patients with metastatic breast cancer and leptomeningeal carcinomatosis treated by intrathecal methotrexate (15 mg total dose) and cytarabine (24 mg total dose) with escalating dose of trastuzumab. We observed that up to 100 mg of trastuzumab can be safely administered intratecally with i.t. metothrexate and cytarabine. Both patients achieved good control of leptomeningeal disease for 13.5 and 6 months without significant toxicity. We suggest that i.t. trastuzumab with cytarabine and metothrexate is associated with promising benefit and warrant further investigation.
Hyperactivation of the NFkappaB pathway is a distinct feature of inflammatory breast cancer (IBC), a highly proliferative and lethal disease. Gene expression studies in IBC patient tissue have linked EGFR (EGFR/HER2)-mediated MAPK signaling to NFkappaB hyperactivity, but the mechanism(s) by which this occurs remain unclear. Here, we report that the X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) plays a central role in linking these two pathways. XIAP overexpression correlated with poor prognoses in breast cancer patients and was frequently observed in untreated IBC patient primary tumors. XIAP drove constitutive NFkappaB transcriptional activity, which mediated ALDH positivity (a marker of stem-like cells), in vivo tumor growth, and an IBC expression signature in patient-derived IBC cells. Using pathway inhibitors and mathematical models, we defined a new role for the MAPK interacting (Ser/Thr)-kinase (MNK) in enhancing XIAP expression and downstream NFkappaB signaling. Furthermore, targeted XIAP knockdown and treatment with a MNK inhibitor decreased tumor cell migration in a dorsal skin fold window chamber murine model that allowed for intravital imaging of local tumor growth and migration. Together, our results indicate a novel role for XIAP in the molecular cross-talk between MAPK and NFkappaB pathways in aggressive tumor growth, which has the potential to be therapeutically exploited.Significance: Signaling by the MNK kinase is essential in inflammatory breast cancer, and it can be targeted to inhibit XIAP-NFkappaB signaling and the aggressive phenotype of this malignancy. Cancer Res; 78(7); 1726-38. (c)2018 AACR.
BACKGROUND: The advent of immune checkpoint inhibitors has introduced innovative therapeutic paradigms for the management of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction cancer (GC/GEJC). However, the efficacy and safety of programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) inhibitors combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone in patients with HER2-negative advanced GC/GEJC remain contentious. The comparability among different subgroups is not fully understood, necessitating the identification of optimal patient demographics and the exploration of potential biomarkers. METHODS: This study identified 6 Phase III randomized controlled trials evaluating the first-line treatment of HER2-negative GC/GEJC with PD-1 inhibitors in combination with chemotherapy. The primary endpoints include overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), and objective response rate (ORR), assessed using hazard ratios (HR), relative risk, and their respective 95% confidence intervals (CI). Secondary outcomes are treatment-related adverse events and immune-related adverse events. Prespecified subgroups encompass microsatellite instability, programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) combined positive score (CPS), age, gender, previous surgery, primary location, liver metastases, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status score, histological subtype, chemotherapy regimen, race, and PD-L1 expression in tumor cells. RESULTS: Incorporating data from 6 randomized controlled trials, this analysis included 6294 adult patients with HER2-negative advanced GC/GEJC. The combined PD-1 inhibitor and chemotherapy regimen significantly improved OS (HR = 0.79, 95% CI [0.75, 0.84], P < .00001) and PFS (HR = 0.75, 95% CI [0.70, 0.80], P < .00001), along with enhancing the ORR (relative risk = 1.22, 95% CI [1.15, 1.29], P < .00001). Subgroup analyses revealed benefits in OS, PFS, and ORR for patients with CPS >/= 1, CPS >/= 5, and CPS >/= 10 when treated with first-line PD-1 inhibitors and chemotherapy, with higher PD-L1 expression levels correlating with greater efficacy. Furthermore, patients with high microsatellite instability exhibited a more pronounced extension in OS (HR = 0.35, 95% CI [0.21, 0.59], P < .0001). However, factors such as age, gender, previous surgery, primary location, liver metastases, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status score, histological subtype, chemotherapy regimen, race, and PD-L1 expression in tumor cells were not predictive of an OS benefit from PD-1 inhibitors combined with chemotherapy over chemotherapy alone. Regarding safety, the PD-1 inhibitor and chemotherapy combination led to a higher incidence of immune-mediated adverse events, though there was no significant difference in adverse events leading to death. CONCLUSION: First-line treatment with PD-1 inhibitors combined with chemotherapy surpasses chemotherapy alone in efficacy for patients with HER2-negative advanced GC/GEJC, particularly in those with CPS >/= 10 or high microsatellite instability, with tolerable adverse events.
Paget's disease is a skin cancer characterized by characteristic (Paget) cells scattered in the epidermis. Although its prognosis is generally favorable with surgical resection, the clinical outcome turns unfavorable in cases with recurrence and metastasis. Therefore, establishment of effective therapeutic regimens is required for advanced Paget's disease. The human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) protein, a transmembrane growth factor receptor, is frequently overexpressed in malignancies, causing activation of the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) signal pathways. Recently, HER2-targeting molecular therapy using trastuzumab (Herceptin; Genentech, Inc, South San Francisco, Calif) was revealed to be effective in advanced breast cancers overexpressing HER2 protein. Here, we analyzed the correlation between activation of the HER2 signal pathways and clinicopathologic parameters of 36 extramammary Paget's disease samples from 34 Japanese patients, using immunohistochemical analyses for HER2, phosphorylated HER2, phosphorylated AKT, and phosphorylated ERK proteins. We found overexpression of the HER2 protein in 19.4% (7) of the lesions, 3 of which showed HER2 amplification by chromogenic in situ hybridization. Phosphorylated HER2 protein was detected in 12 lesions (33.3%), including 2 of the 7 HER2-overexpressing lesions. Phosphorylated AKT was detected in approximately 75.0% (27/36) and phosphorylated ERK in 38.9% (14/36). Both HER2 and AKT were simultaneously phosphorylated in 9 cases (25.0%) and HER2 and ERK in 9 cases (25.0%), but all 3 molecules were phosphorylated in only 1 sample. Phosphorylated ERK correlated with the maximum diameter of the tumors (P < .025), but other immunohistochemical parameters failed to show any correlation with clinicopathologic features. These results suggest the contribution of the HER2 signaling pathway to the pathogenesis and progression of some cases of extramammary Paget's disease, for which clinical use of molecular target therapy against the HER2 pathway is warranted.
BACKGROUND: Docetaxel is the standard first-line agent for the treatment of androgen-independent prostate cancer (AIPC). The combination of docetaxel with molecularly targeted therapies may offer the potential to increase the efficacy and decrease the toxicity of cytotoxic chemotherapy for prostate cancer. Previous studies demonstrate activation of the human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in prostate cancer. Erlotinib is a specific inhibitor of the tyrosine-kinase activity of EGFR. The goal of this study is to determine the anti-cancer activity docetaxel combined with erlotinib for the treatment of elderly subjects with AIPC. METHODS: This is a multi-institutional Phase II study in patients with histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma of the prostate and age > or = 65 years. Patients were requred to have progressive disease despite androgen-deprivation therapy as determined by: (1) measurable lesions on cross-sectional imaging; (2) metastatic disease by radionucleotide bone imaging; or (3) elevated prostate specific antigen (PSA). Treatment cycles consisted of docetaxel 60 mg/m2 IV on day 1 and erlotinib 150 mg PO days 1-21. Patients with responding or stable disease after 9 cycles were eligible to continue on erlotinib alone as maintenance therapy. RESULTS: Characteristics of 22 patients enrolled included: median age 73.5 years (range, 65-80); median Karnofsky Performance Status 90 (range 70-100); median hemoglobin 12.1 g/dl (range, 10.0-14.3); median PSA 218.3 ng/ml (range, 9-5754). A median of 6 treatment cycles were delivered per patient (range 1-17). No objective responses were observed in 8 patients with measurable lesions (0%, 95% CI 0-31%). Bone scan improvement and PSA decline was seen in 1 patient (5%, 95% CI 0.1-25%). Five of 22 patients experienced > or = 50 % decline in PSA (23%, 95% CI 8-45%). Hematologic toxicity included grade 3 neutropenia in 9 patients and neutropenic fever in 2 patients. Common non-hematologic toxicities (> or = grade 3) included fatigue, anorexia, and diarrhea. CONCLUSION: Docetaxel/erlotinib can be delivered safely in elderly patients with AIPC. Anti-cancer disease activity appears generally comparable to docetaxel when used as monotherapy. Hematologic and non-hematologic toxicity may be increased over docetaxel monotherapy. Prospective randomized studies would be required to determine if the toxicity of docetaxel and erlotinib justifies its use in this setting.
Nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis (NBTE) is a rare disease that most often found post mortem. Malignant neoplasms, particularly adenocarcinomas, are the common underlying diseases associated with NBTE. In recent years, remarkable advances in targeted therapy have been made, but the effectiveness in treating NBTE in patients with severe lung cancer is poorly reported. Here we present two cases of severe NBTE in patients with stage IV lung adenocarcinoma harboring driver gene mutations, one with EGFR mutation, the other with positive ALK fusion oncogene. Both patients scored 4 according to the Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (ECOG PS) before the initiation of targeted therapies and anticoagulation therapies. Both patients showed significant improvement: the vegetations in their hearts vanished, their ECOG PS score changed from 4 to 3. We also discuss the current understanding of NBTE, including its epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical presentation, evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment. Our report highlights the necessity of early and timely diagnosis of NBTE and gene classification for NSCLC patients (ECOG PS score >/=3), the importance of concurrent therapy for the cancer and its complications, and further stresses the effectiveness of targeted therapy for NBTE in patients with severe lung cancer harboring driver gene mutations.
Ligand-independent epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) endocytosis is inducible by a variety of stress conditions converging upon p38 kinase. A less known pathway involves phosphatidic acid (PA) signaling toward the activation of type 4 phosphodiesterases (PDE4) that decrease cAMP levels and protein kinase A (PKA) activity. This PA/PDE4/PKA pathway is triggered with propranolol used to inhibit PA hydrolysis and induces clathrin-dependent and clathrin-independent endocytosis, followed by reversible accumulation of EGFR in recycling endosomes. Here we give further evidence of this signaling pathway using biosensors of PA, cAMP, and PKA in live cells and then show that it activates p38 and ERK1/2 downstream the PKA inhibition. Clathrin-silencing and IN/SUR experiments involved the activity of p38 in the clathrin-dependent route, while ERK1/2 mediates clathrin-independent EGFR endocytosis. The PA/PDE4/PKA pathway selectively increases the EGFR endocytic rate without affecting LDLR and TfR constitute endocytosis. This selectiveness is probably because of EGFR phosphorylation, as detected in Th1046/1047 and Ser669 residues. The EGFR accumulates at perinuclear recycling endosomes colocalizing with TfR, fluorescent transferrin, and Rab11, while a small proportion distributes to Alix-endosomes. A non-selective recycling arrest includes LDLR and TfR in a reversible manner. The PA/PDE4/PKA pathway involving both p38 and ERK1/2 expands the possibilities of EGFR transmodulation and interference in cancer.
Surface enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) nanoparticles are an attractive alternative to fluorescent probes for biological labeling because of their photostability and multiplexing capabilities. However, nanoparticle size, shape, and surface properties are known to affect nanoparticle-cell interactions. Other issues such as the formation of a protein corona and antibody multivalency interfere with the labeling properties of nanoparticle-antibody conjugates. Hence, it is important to consider these aspects in order to validate such conjugates for live cell imaging applications. Using SERS nanoparticles that target HER2 and CD44 in breast cancer cells, we demonstrate labeling of fixed cells with high specificity that correlates well with fluorescent labels. However, when labeling live cells to monitor surface biomarker expression and dynamics, the nanoparticles are rapidly uptaken by the cells and become compartmentalized into different cellular regions. This behavior is in stark contrast to that of fluorescent antibody conjugates. This study highlights the impact of nanoparticle internalization and trafficking on the ability to use SERS nanoparticle-antibody conjugates to monitor cell dynamics.
OBJECTIVES: This study sought to compare the prognostic value of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) and 2-dimensional echocardiography (2DE) derived left ventricular (LV) strain, volumes, and ejection fraction for cancer therapy-related cardiac dysfunction (CTRCD) in women with early stage breast cancer. BACKGROUND: There are limited comparative data on the association of CMR and 2DE derived strain, volumes, and LVEF with CTRCD. METHODS: A total of 125 prospectively recruited women with HER2+ early stage breast cancer receiving sequential anthracycline/trastuzumab underwent 5 serial CMR and 6 of 2DE studies before and during treatment. CMR LV volumes, left ventricular ejection fraction tagged-CMR, and feature-tracking (FT) derived global systolic longitudinal (GLS) and global circumferential strain (GCS) and 2DE-based LV volumes, function, GLS, and GCS were measured. CTRCD was defined by the cardiac review and evaluation committee criteria. RESULTS: Twenty-eight percent of patients developed CTRCD by CMR and 22% by 2DE. A 15% relative reduction in 2DE-GLS increased the CTRCD odds by 133% at subsequent follow-up, compared with 47%/50% by tagged-CMR GLS/GCS and 87% by FT-GCS. CMR and 2DE-LVEF and indexed left ventricular end-systolic volume (LVESVi) were also associated with subsequent CTRCD. The prognostic threshold change in CMR-left ventricular ejection fraction and FT strain for subsequent CTRCD was similar to the known minimum-detectable difference for these measures, whereas for tagged-CMR strain it was lower than the minimum-detectable difference; for 2DE, only the prognostic threshold for GLS was greater than the minimum-detectable difference. Of all strain methods, 2DE-GLS provided the highest increase in discriminatory value over baseline clinical risk factors for subsequent CTRCD. The combination of 2DE-left ventricular ejection fraction or LVESVi and strain provided greater increase in the area under the curve for subsequent CTRCD over clinical risk factors than CMR left ventricular ejection fraction or LVESVi and strain (18% to 22% vs. 9% to 14%). CONCLUSIONS: In women with HER2+ early stage breast cancer, changes in CMR and 2DE strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, and LVESVi were prognostic for subsequent CTRCD. When LVEF can be measured precisely by CMR, FT strain may function as an additional confirmatory prognostic measure, but with 2DE, GLS is the optimal prognostic measure. (Evaluation of Myocardial Changes During BReast Adenocarcinoma Therapy to Detect Cardiotoxicity Earlier With MRI [EMBRACE-MRI]; NCT02306538).
The purpose of the study was to assess the impact of cancer knowledge and patient's lifestyle on QOL and the relationship between QOL and various environmental factors in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer treated with chemotherapy. The study group consisted of 129 patients with metastatic lung cancer patients treated between May 2010 and December 2015 in two centres. The knowledge of cancer and their lifestyle was rated by method of diagnostic survey, using the Behavioral Health Inventory IZZ by Prof. Juczynski. We sought factors affecting to response to treatment, overall survival and quality of life. The general level of knowledge of cancer and the level of health behaviours was low. Ninety percent of lung cancer patients were smokers. The average age of the study group was 64 years. Eighty-nine patients received chemotherapy with cisplatin, 28 schemes containing carboplatin, 6 inhibitors of EGFR tyrosine kinase, and 6 vinorelbine or gemcitabine monotherapy. Complete regression was observed in 2 patients, partial response in 33 patients (26%), stable disease in 51 (40%) and 54 (42%) patients had progression. In multivariate analysis, significant effects on survival were performance status, schemes of treatment and response to treatment. Quality of life before and after treatment did not differ from each other. We found impact on quality of life: performance status, response to treatment and knowledge of cancer and lifestyle. The level of knowledge of oncological patients and their lifestyle observed in clinical practice are associated with QOL.
RESEARCH QUESTION: Do breast cancer prognostic factors influence ovarian reserve and response to ovarian stimulation in the context of fertility preservation? DESIGN: Observational, bicentric retrospective study of 352 women with breast cancer who underwent ovarian stimulation using a random start gonadotrophin releasing hormone antagonist protocol and vitrified oocytes between November 2015 and August 2022. Serum anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) levels and antral follicle count (AFC) were measured. The number of oocytes recovered, maturation rate and follicular output rate (FORT) were analysed according to patients' characteristics and breast cancer prognostic factors. RESULTS: Median age was 34 years (31.1-37.1). Median AFC and serum AMH level were 17 (12-26) follicles and 2 (1.2-3.4) ng/ml, respectively. After ovarian stimulation, 10.5 (6.0-16.0) oocytes were recovered, with eight (4-13) being mature. Mean oocyte maturation rate was 79% (62-92). Antral follicle count (>12) significantly affected the risk of recovering fewer than eight mature oocytes (P < 0.0001, multivariate analysis). Follicular responsiveness to FSH, assessed by the follicular output rate (FORT index) and number of oocytes recovered, were 31% (21-50) and 10.5% (6.0-16.0), respectively. FORT index and ovarian stimulation outcomes were not influenced by breast cancer prognostic factors. CONCLUSION: Breast cancer prognostic factors do not influence ovarian reserve markers or response to ovarian stimulation in fertility preservation. Therefore, tumour grade, triple-negative status, HER2 overexpression and high Ki67 should not alter the fertility-preservation strategy when considering ovarian stimulation for oocyte vitrification.
Purpose Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS), whole-brain radiotherapy (WBRT), and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are treatment options for brain metastases in patients with EGFR-mutant non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This multi-institutional analysis sought to determine the optimal management of patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC who develop brain metastases and have not received EGFR-TKI. Materials and Methods A total of 351 patients from six institutions with EGFR-mutant NSCLC developed brain metastases and met inclusion criteria for the study. Exclusion criteria included prior EGFR-TKI use, EGFR-TKI resistance mutation, failure to receive EGFR-TKI after WBRT/SRS, or insufficient follow-up. Patients were treated with SRS followed by EGFR-TKI, WBRT followed by EGFR-TKI, or EGFR-TKI followed by SRS or WBRT at intracranial progression. Overall survival (OS) and intracranial progression-free survival were measured from the date of brain metastases. Results The median OS for the SRS (n = 100), WBRT (n = 120), and EGFR-TKI (n = 131) cohorts was 46, 30, and 25 months, respectively ( P < .001). On multivariable analysis, SRS versus EGFR-TKI, WBRT versus EGFR-TKI, age, performance status, EGFR exon 19 mutation, and absence of extracranial metastases were associated with improved OS. Although the SRS and EGFR-TKI cohorts shared similar prognostic features, the WBRT cohort was more likely to have a less favorable prognosis ( P = .001). Conclusion This multi-institutional analysis demonstrated that the use of upfront EGFR-TKI, and deferral of radiotherapy, is associated with inferior OS in patients with EGFR-mutant NSCLC who develop brain metastases. SRS followed by EGFR-TKI resulted in the longest OS and allowed patients to avoid the potential neurocognitive sequelae of WBRT. A prospective, multi-institutional randomized trial of SRS followed by EGFR-TKI versus EGFR-TKI followed by SRS at intracranial progression is urgently needed.
BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess efficacy and safety of eribulin with trastuzumab as first-line therapy for locally recurrent or metastatic HER2+ breast cancer. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this multicenter, phase II, single-arm study, patients with recurrent or metastatic HER2+ breast cancer received eribulin mesylate at 1.4 mg/m(2) intravenously (I.V.) on days 1 and 8 of each 21-day cycle with an initial trastuzumab dose of 8 mg/kg I.V. on day 1, followed by 6 mg/kg of trastuzumab on day 1 of each subsequent cycle. Tumor assessments were conducted every 6 weeks for the first 6 cycles and every 12 weeks thereafter. The primary end point was ORR, and secondary end points included PFS, TTR, DOR, and safety. RESULTS: Fifty-two patients were enrolled. Fifty-one patients (98.1%) had metastatic disease, 25 (48.1%) with liver metastases, 24 (46.2%) with lung metastases, and 19 (36.5%) with bone metastases. Patients received a median of 10.0 cycles of eribulin and 11.0 cycles of trastuzumab. The ORR was 71.2% (n = 37) with median TTR of 1.3 months, DOR of 11.1 months, and PFS of 11.6 months. The most common Grade 3/4 treatment-emergent adverse events were neutropenia in 20 (38.5%) patients, peripheral neuropathy in 14 (26.9%; all Grade 3) patients, fatigue in 4 (7.7%) patients, and febrile neutropenia in 4 (7.7%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: Because of the high ORR, prolonged median PFS, and acceptable safety profile, combination eribulin/trastuzumab is an acceptable treatment option for locally recurrent or metastatic HER2+ breast cancer.
Multitarget medications represent an appealing therapy against the disease with multifactorial abnormalities horizontal line cancer. Therefore, simultaneously targeting son of sevenless 1 (SOS1) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), two aberrantly expressed proteins crucial for the oncogenesis and progression of prostate cancer, may achieve active antitumor effects. Here, we discovered dual SOS1/EGFR-targeting compounds via pharmacophore-based docking screening. The most prominent compound SE-9 exhibited nanomolar inhibition activity against both SOS1 and EGFR and efficiently suppressed the phosphorylation of ERK and AKT in prostate cancer cells PC-3. Cellular assays also revealed that SE-9 displayed strong antiproliferative activities through diverse mechanisms, such as induction of cell apoptosis and G1 phase cell cycle arrest, as well as reduction of angiogenesis and migration. Further in vivo findings showed that SE-9 potently inhibited tumor growth in PC-3 xenografts without obvious toxicity. Overall, SE-9 is a novel dual-targeting SOS1/EGFR inhibitor that represents a promising treatment strategy for prostate cancer.
PURPOSE: We investigated the prognostic impact of discordance between the receptor status of primary breast cancers and corresponding metastases. METHODS: A total 144 patients with breast cancer and distant metastasis were investigated. The estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) status of primary tumor and corresponding metastases were assessed. Tumor phenotype according to receptor status was classified as triple-negative phenotype (TNP) or non-TNP. Concordance and discordance was determined by whether there was a change in receptor status or phenotype between primary and metastatic lesions. RESULTS: The rates of discordance between primary breast cancer and metastatic lesions were 18.1%, 25.0%, and 10.3% for ER, PR, and HER2, respectively. The rates of concordant non-TNP, concordant TNP and discordant TNP were 65.9%, 20.9%, and 13.2%, respectively. Patients with concordant ER/PR-negative status had worse postrecurrence survival (PRS) than patients with concordant ER/PR-positive and discordant ER/PR status (p=0.001 and p=0.021, respectively). Patients who converted from HER2-positive to negative after distant metastasis had worst PRS (p=0.040). Multivariate analysis showed that concordant TNP was statistically significant factor for worse PRS (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: Discordance in receptor status and tumor phenotype between primary breast cancer and corresponding metastatic lesions was observed. Patients with concordant TNP had worse long-term outcomes than patients with concordant non-TNP and discordant TNP between primary and metastatic breast cancer. Identifying the receptor status of metastatic lesions may lead to improvements in patient management and survival.
The discoveries of EGFR mutations and ALK rearrangements as actionable oncogenic drivers in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has propelled a biomarker-directed treatment paradigm for patients with advanced-stage disease. Numerous EGFR and ALK tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) with demonstrated efficacy in patients with EGFR-mutant and ALK-rearranged NSCLCs have been developed, culminating in the availability of the highly effective third-generation TKIs osimertinib and lorlatinib, respectively. Despite their marked efficacy, resistance to these agents remains an unsolved fundamental challenge. Both 'on-target' mechanisms (largely mediated by acquired resistance mutations in the kinase domains of EGFR or ALK) and 'off-target' mechanisms of resistance (mediated by non-target kinase alterations such as bypass signalling activation or phenotypic transformation) have been identified in patients with disease progression on osimertinib or lorlatinib. A growing understanding of the biology and spectrum of these mechanisms of resistance has already begun to inform the development of more effective therapeutic strategies. In this Review, we discuss the development of third-generation EGFR and ALK inhibitors, predominant mechanisms of resistance, and approaches to tackling resistance in the clinic, ranging from novel fourth-generation TKIs to combination regimens and other investigational therapies.
BACKGROUND: Limited real-world data are available on the effectiveness and safety of trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd, DS8201a) in patients with HER2-positive and HER2-low metastatic breast cancer (MBC), particularly within the Chinese population. METHODS: Between 2022 and 2025, 98 patients with MBC treated with T-DXd were retrospectively enrolled at Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center. Patients were categorized as HER2-positive and HER2-low cohort. Clinical outcomes including objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), disease control rate (DCR), and clinical benefit rate (CBR), were assessed and compared between cohorts. The primary endpoint of the study was PFS, which was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method and compared using the Log rank test. RESULTS: Among the 98 patients, the median PFS was 15.0 months. The ORR, DCR, and CBR were 48.0%, 69.4%, and 41.8%, respectively. HER2-positive patients experienced longer PFS compared to HER2-low patients (not reached vs 9.0 months). Among HER2-low patients, liver metastases were associated with poorer outcomes. Patients with brain metastases achieved a median PFS of 15.5 months and a 1-year PFS rate of 65.3%. Grade >/=3 adverse events included neutropenia (20.4%), nausea (5.1%), anemia (4.1%), and interstitial lung disease in 6.1% of patients, leading to discontinuation in 2.0%. CONCLUSION: In this real-world analysis, T-DXd demonstrated robust clinical activity in both HER2-positive and HER2-low MBC, consistent with the findings from the DESTINY-Breast clinical trials. Notably, we identified several clinically relevant prognostic factors, including HER2 status, metastatic site, treatment line, and prior therapies. These findings support the broader clinical application of T-DXd and offer insights into individualized treatment selection.
Innate and acquired resistance to anti-EGFR therapy (EGFRi) is a major limitation in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Although RAS genes are the most commonly mutated innate and acquired oncogenes in cancer, there are a number of other mechanisms that limit the effectiveness of EGFRi. Patients with innate resistance have been found to contain BRAFV600E mutations, and possibly MET, MEK, PIK3CA, PTEN, and HER2 alterations. Meanwhile, BRAFV600E mutations may also be involved in acquired resistance to EGFRi, in addition to EGFR ectodomain mutations, MET alterations, and possibly HER2 amplification. In addition, paracrine effects and cell-fate mechanisms of resistance are being increasingly described as contributing to acquired resistance. Utilization of circulating tumor DNA has been paramount in monitoring the dynamic nature of acquired resistance and has helped to guide treatment decisions, particularly in the EGFRi rechallenge setting. Herein, we provide an in-depth review of EGFRi-resistance mechanisms and describe the current therapeutic landscape in the hopes of identifying effective rechallenge strategies.
PURPOSE: To investigate the application value of multiparametric MRI in evaluating the expression status of human epithelial growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) in bladder cancer (BCa). METHODS: From April 2021 to July 2023, preoperative imaging manifestations of 90 patients with pathologically confirmed BCa were retrospectively collected and analyzed. All patients underwent multiparametric MRI including synthetic MRI, DWI, from which the T1, T2, proton density (PD) and apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) values were obtained. The clinical and imaging characteristics as well as quantitative parameters (T1, T2, PD and ADC values) between HER2-positive and -negative BCa were compared using student t test and chi-square test. The diagnostic efficacy of parameters in predicting HER2 expression status was evaluated by calculating the area under ROC curve (AUC). RESULTS: In total, 76 patients (mean age, 63.59 years +/- 12.84 [SD]; 55 men) were included: 51 with HER2-negative and 25 with HER2-positive BCa. HER2-positive group demonstrated significantly higher ADC, T1, and T2 values than HER2-negative group (all P < 0.05). The combination of ADC values and tumor grade yielded the best diagnostic performance in evaluating HER2 expression level with an AUC of 0.864. CONCLUSION: The multiparametric MR characterization can accurately evaluate the HER2 expression status in BCa, which may further guide the determination of individualized anti-HER2 targeted therapy strategies.
BACKGROUND: Microparticles (MPs) or ectosomes are small enclosed fragments (from 0.2 to 2 mum in diameter) released from the cellular plasma membrane. Several oncogenic molecules have been identified inside MPs, including soluble proteins XIAP, survivin, metalloproteinases, CX3CL1, PYK2 and other microRNA-related proteins; membrane proteins EGFR, HER-2, integrins and efflux pumps; and messenger RNAs and microRNAs miR-21, miR-27a, let-7, miR-451, among others. Studies have shown that MPs transfer their cargo to neoplastic or non-malignant cells and thus contribute to activation of oncogenic pathways, resulting in cell survival, drug resistance and cancer dissemination. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: This review summarizes recent findings on MP biogenesis and the role of the MPs cargo in cancer and discusses some of the RNAs and proteins involved. In addition, the discussion covers evidence of (1) how and which signaling pathways can be activated by MPs in recipient cells; (2) recipient cell-type selectivity in incorporation of proteins and RNAs transported by MPs; and (3) how upon stimulation, stromal cells release MPs, promoting resistance to chemotherapeutics and invasiveness in cancer cells.
BACKGROUND: We report here for the first time, a comprehensive characterization of biological and clinical features of early-stage triple negative Invasive Lobular Carcinomas(TN-ILCs) METHODS: We analyzed all consecutive patients with early-stage TN-ILC operated at two reference cancer-centers between 1994 and 2012. Primary objective was to assess the invasive disease-free survival(iDFS). Co-primary objective was to assess biological features of TN-ILCs, including molecular intrinsic subtypes based on PAM-50 assay, expression of androgen receptor (AR) and mutational status of ERBB2-gene. Additionally, DNA mutational status of an independent cohort of 45 TN-ILCs from three databases were analyzed, to confirm mutations in ERBB2-gene and to identify other recurrently mutated genes. RESULTS: Among 4152 ILCs, 74(1.8%) were TN and were analyzed. The iDFS at 5 and 10 years of FUP were 50.4%(95%CI,38.0-61.6) and 37.2%(95%CI,25.5-48.8), respectively. The molecular subtype was defined through PAM50-classifier for 31 out of 74 TN-ILCs: 48% were Luminal-A(15/31), 3% luminal-B(1/31), 32% HER2-enriched (10/31), and only 16% basal-like(5/31). Luminal tumors expressed AR more frequently than non-luminal tumors (AR>/=1% in 94% of luminal tumors versus 53% in non-luminal tumors; p-value = 0.001). 20% of TN-ILCs analyzed(7/35), harbored a pathogenetic and actionable mutation in the ERBB2-gene. Analysis of the independent cohort of 45 TN-ILCs from three different databases, confirmed similar percentage of pathogenetic and actionable mutations in ERBB2-gene(20%; 9/45). Among the top 10 molecular pathways significantly enriched for recurrently mutated genes in TN-ILCs(FDR<0.05), there were ErbB-signaling and DNA-damage-response pathways. CONCLUSIONS: TN-ILCs are rare tumors with poor prognosis. Their specific biological features require newly defined targeted therapeutic strategies.
Deregulation of the phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt signalling pathway is common in breast cancer and is frequently associated with resistance to both traditional chemotherapy and targeted drugs. There is a growing body of evidence indicating that a small subpopulation of self-renewing cells, the so called cancer stem cells (CSC), are responsible for the growth of drug resistant secondary tumors. As many CSCs have upregulated the PI3K/Akt signalling pathway, preclinical and clinical studies are addressing the inhibition of this axis to target drug resistance. We evaluated the susceptibility of breast CSCs to NVP-BKM120 (BKM120), a new generation of PI3K-specific inhibitor, when used individually or in combination with trastuzumab or RAD001 both in vitro and in vivo. For this, a stem-like cell population (SC) was enriched from breast cancer cell lines after mammosphere cultures. We demonstrated that BKM120 inhibits growth, generation of drug-resistant derivatives and SC formation in a panel of four breast cancer cell lines: MCF-7, MDA-MB-231, SK-BR-3 and CAL51. Importantly, BKM120 inhibits the PI3K/Akt signalling pathway in SCs from these cell lines. When BKM120 was used in combination with trastuzumab, a targeted therapy to treat HER2-positive breast cancer, we found synergistic cell growth inhibition, generation of drug resistant cells as well as SC formation from SK-BR-3 cells. Importantly, SK-BR-3 xenograft-derived tumors showed marginal growth when the drug combination was used. We also found a similar synergistic anticancer effect of BKM120 in combination with RAD001, an mTOR inhibitor, when treating triple-negative breast cancer cells in vitro and in both MDA-MB-231 and CAL51- mouse xenografts. Moreover, mouse data indicate that these drug combinations are well tolerated and provide the proof-of-concept and rationale to initiate clinical trials in both HER2-positive and triple-negative breast cancer.
Many types of cancers have a well-established dependence on glutamine metabolism to support survival and growth, a process linked to glutaminase 1 (GLS) isoforms. Conversely, GLS2 variants often have tumor-suppressing activity. Triple-negative (TN) breast cancer (testing negative for estrogen, progesterone, and Her2 receptors) has elevated GLS protein levels and reportedly depends on exogenous glutamine and GLS activity for survival. Despite having high GLS levels, we verified that several breast cancer cells (including TN cells) express endogenous GLS2, defying its role as a bona fide tumor suppressor. Moreover, ectopic GLS2 expression rescued cell proliferation, TCA anaplerosis, redox balance, and mitochondrial function after GLS inhibition by the small molecule currently in clinical trials CB-839 or GLS knockdown of GLS-dependent cell lines. In several cell lines, GLS2 knockdown decreased cell proliferation and glutamine-linked metabolic phenotypes. Strikingly, long-term treatment of TN cells with another GLS-exclusive inhibitor bis-2'-(5-phenylacetamide-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)ethyl sulfide (BPTES) selected for a drug-resistant population with increased endogenous GLS2 and restored proliferative capacity. GLS2 was linked to enhanced in vitro cell migration and invasion, mesenchymal markers (through the ERK-ZEB1-vimentin axis under certain conditions) and in vivo lung metastasis. Of concern, GLS2 amplification or overexpression is linked to an overall, disease-free and distant metastasis-free worse survival prognosis in breast cancer. Altogether, these data establish an unforeseen role of GLS2 in sustaining tumor proliferation and underlying metastasis in breast cancer and provide an initial framework for exploring GLS2 as a novel therapeutic target.
Surface-enhanced Raman scattering nanoparticles (SERS NPs) are powerful tools for cellular-specific targeting and multiplexed biomarker detection. While they have been effective in labeling extracellular receptors, their application to intracellular targets has been limited by poor membrane permeability and endosomal trapping. Here, we present an optimized permeabilization and staining strategy that enables robust intracellular targeting with SERS NPs. Using breast cancer as a model system, we focused on three clinically relevant biomarkers horizontal line human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2), which has both extracellular and intracellular targets, and estrogen receptor (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR), which are exclusively located inside the cells horizontal line to demonstrate the ability of our platform to detect both extracellular and intracellular targets. We conjugated SERS NPs with anti-HER2 antibodies to assess specific binding efficiency across breast cancer cell lines with varying HER2 expression. Flow cytometry revealed a strong correlation between HER2 expression and the specific-to-nonspecific binding ratio, demonstrating over 100-fold specificity for HER2-overexpressing cells. Fluorescence and Raman imaging confirmed high specificity and sensitivity. To extend this approach to intracellular targets, we evaluated three permeabilization agents horizontal line Tween 20, Triton X-100, and methanol horizontal line and identified Triton X-100 as optimal. It enabled  approximately 160 nm SERS NPs to access the intracellular space while preserving cell viability. SERS NPs conjugated with anti-ER and anti-PR antibodies revealed significant biomarker binding without compromising cell health, revealing the capability to specifically profile intracellular biomarkers with varying expression levels of ER and PR. Furthermore, multiplexed detection was demonstrated using a cocktail of SERS NPs targeting HER2, ER, and PR in mixed cell populations, mimicking clinical scenarios such as liquid biopsies. Even when target-positive cells were present at low abundance, the NPs retained selective binding and detection capability. Overall, our findings advance the potential of SERS NPs for enhancing breast cancer diagnostics through accurate, multiplexed biomarker targeting.
RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: To develop and validate a nomogram that combines contrast-enhanced spectral mammography (CESM) deep learning with clinical-pathological features to predict neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) response (either low Miller Payne (MP-L) grades 1-2 or high MP (MP-H) grades 3-5) in patients with ER-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this retrospective study, 265 breast cancer patients were randomly allocated into training and test sets (used for models training and testing, respectively) at a 4:1 ratio. Deep learning models, based on the pre-trained ResNet34 model and initially fine-tuned for identifying breast cancer, were trained using low-energy and subtracted CESM images. The predicted results served as deep learning features for the deep learning-based model. Clinical-pathological features, including age, progesterone receptor (PR) status, estrogen receptor (ER) status, Ki67 expression levels, and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio, were used for the clinical model. All these features contributed to the nomogram. Feature selection was performed through univariate analysis. Logistic regression models were developed and chosen using a stepwise selection method. The deep learning-based and clinical models, along with the nomogram, were evaluated using precision-recall curves, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, specificity, recall, accuracy, negative predictive value, positive predictive value (PPV), balanced accuracy, F1-score, and decision curve analysis (DCA). RESULTS: The nomogram demonstrated considerable predictive ability, with higher area under the ROC curve (0.95, P < 0.05), accuracy (0.94), specificity (0.98), PPV (0.89), and precision (0.89) compared to the deep learning-based and clinical models. In DCA, the nomogram showed substantial clinical value in assisting breast cancer treatment decisions, exhibiting a higher net benefit than the other models. CONCLUSION: The nomogram, integrating CESM deep learning with clinical-pathological features, proved valuable for predicting NAC response in patients with ER-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer. Nomogram outperformed deep learning-based and clinical models.
AIM: This study aimed to determinant association between rs76189946 polymorphism of EGF gene and risk of colorectal cancer in an Iranian population. BACKGROUND: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most prevalent cancer in both genders worldwide. The determination of genetic variation becomes a new way to etiology of colorectal cancer. Epidermal growth factor (EGF) is a mitogen that plays an important role in cell growth and tumourigenesis, this protein acts by binding its receptor, EGFR. PATIENTS AND METHODS: DNA samples taken from totally 125 CRC patients and healthy controls were amplified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the rs76189946 polymorphism. Genotypes were analyzed using restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP). Finally to confirm the RFLP procedure, 20 of the PCR products were sequenced using the ABI PRISM 3130xl Genetic Analyzer and chain termination method (Applied Biosystems, Carlsbad, CA). RESULTS: Genotype distribution and allele frequency was similar in CRC patients and controls individuals. We expect observe C and G allele in both groups but only was found C allele. CONCLUSION: In this study for first time we identified genetic distribution of exonic rs76189946 polymorphism in EGF gene both CRC patients and healthy controls. These results suggest there wasn't association between EGF polymorphism rs76189946 and risk of colorectal cancer in an Iranian population.
BACKGROUND: Patients with unresectable recurrent rectal cancer that progresses after systemic chemotherapy and radiotherapy may be candidates for palliation with hypoxic pelvic perfusion (HPP). The aim of this observational retrospective study was to evaluate if a multimodality treatment including HPP and targeted-therapy may be useful to prolong clinical responses and survival of these patients. METHODS: Thirty-seven patients with unresectable recurrent rectal cancer in progression after standard treatments underwent repeated HPP with mitomycin C (25 mg/m2) and cisplatin (70 mg/m2). Twenty patients, exhibiting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) overexpression, also received cetuximab targeted-therapy, following the ultimate HPP treatment. RESULTS: Following initial HPP treatment, median progression-free survival was 7 months (range: 5-19 months), median time-to-death or termination of follow-up was 13 months (range: 9-18 months), one-year survival-rate was 59.45%, two-year survival rate was 10.81%, and three-year survival rate was 2.7%. Survival was significantly influenced by cetuximab targeted-therapy post-HPP and the presence of additional metastatic sites (P<0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Repeated HPP treatments with mitomycin C plus cisplatin, followed by cetuximab targeted-therapy, may represent a safe and efficacious palliative therapy in patients with unresectable recurrent rectal cancer, in progression following standard systemic chemo- and radio-therapy, and thus warrants confirmation in a larger phase III study.
INTRODUCTION: Computed tomography (CT)-guided lung biopsy has been widely used for molecular testing. AIM: To evaluate the potential clinical effectiveness of computed tomography (CT)-guided lung biopsy in molecular tests. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We searched the related studies from the PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library until July 2021. The endpoints included adequacy rates for molecular tests, positive rates of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations, anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) translocation, and Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) mutations. RESULTS: Initially, we were able to identify 1783 potentially relevant studies, among which only 12 were ultimately included in the present meta-analysis. All the studies were retrospective in nature. A total of 2559 patients underwent CT-guided lung biopsy and 1414 of them received molecular testing. We found that the pooled adequacy rate for molecular tests, positive rate of EGFR mutations, and positive rate of ALK translocation were 95%, 49%, and 7%, respectively. Significant heterogeneity was detected in the endpoints of adequacy rate for molecular tests (I (2) = 86.2%) and positive rate of EGFR mutations (I (2) = 77.7%). We did not identify any variables that could significantly influence the adequacy rate for molecular tests and positive rate of EGFR mutations. A high risk of publication bias was also found in the endpoint of adequacy rate for molecular tests. CONCLUSIONS: CT-guided lung biopsy can serve as an effective method to provide sufficient lung cancer samples for molecular testing. The EGFR gene was found to be the most frequently mutated during the analysis.
BACKGROUND: Differences in carcinogenesis and therapeutic efficacy according to ethnicity have been reported for lung cancer, and understanding differences in genetic mutation profiles among ethnicities is important for interpreting the results of clinical trials, preventing carcinogenesis, and individualizing treatment. However, no studies have focused on differences in mutation profiles among different ethnicities using large-scale genomic analysis data with detailed information on smoking history, the main cause of lung cancer. METHODS: To clarify the differences in genetic mutation profiles between Caucasian and Japanese subjects, we compared data from The Cancer Genome Atlas, which mainly included Caucasians, with results from the Japan Molecular Epidemiology for lung cancer study, which is an epidemiological study only involving Japanese subjects. We divided the participants into four groups according to smoking status and performed comparative analysis by tissue type (lung adenocarcinoma and squamous cell lung cancer). RESULTS: In patients with lung adenocarcinoma, the frequency of EGFR mutations was lower in Caucasian subjects than in Japanese subjects (14.6% vs. 51.1%), whereas the frequencies of mutations in other genes, namely KRAS (32.9% vs. 9.3%), TP53 (45.2% vs. 20.7%), BRAF (9.6% vs. 1.3%), PIK3CA (5.9% vs. 2.6%), KEAP1 (17.8% vs. 0.5%), NF1 (10.9% vs. 0.5%), STK11 (17.8% vs. 0.7%), RBM10 (8.7% vs. 0.1%), and MET (7.8% vs. 0.1%), were higher in Caucasian subjects. Among patients with squamous cell carcinoma, TP53 (81.2% vs. 49.1%), PIK3CA (14.5% vs. 6.8%), KEAP1 (12.7% vs. 0.9%), and NFE2L2 mutations (15.8% vs. 13.6%) were more common in Caucasian subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Ethnicity is an important and complex characteristic that must be recognized and considered, even in the era of precision medicine. We should collaborate to share data for different ethnicities and incorporate them into clinical practice and the design of global clinical studies. Carefully designed molecular epidemiological studies focusing on ethnic differences are warranted.
AIMS: Despite the observation that ErbB2 regulates sensitivity of the heart to doxorubicin or ErbB2-targeted cancer therapies, mechanisms that regulate ErbB2 expression and activity have not been studied. Since isoproterenol up-regulates ErbB2 in kidney and salivary glands and beta2AR and ErbB2 complex in brain and heart, we hypothesized that beta-adrenergic receptors (AR) modulate ErbB2 signalling status. METHODS AND RESULTS: ErbB2 transfection of HEK293 cells up-regulates beta2AR, and beta2AR transfection of HEK293 up-regulates ErbB2. Interestingly, cardiomyocytes isolated from myocyte-specific ErbB2-overexpressing (ErbB2(tg)) mice have amplified response to selective beta2-agonist zinterol, and right ventricular trabeculae baseline force generation is markedly reduced with beta2-antagonist ICI-118 551. Consistently, receptor binding assays and western blotting demonstrate that beta2ARs levels are markedly increased in ErbB2(tg) myocardium and reduced by EGFR/ErbB2 inhibitor, lapatinib. Intriguingly, acute treatment of mice with beta1- and beta2-AR agonist isoproterenol resulted in myocardial ErbB2 increase, while inhibition with either beta1- or beta2-AR antagonist did not completely prevent isoproterenol-induced ErbB2 expression. Furthermore, inhibition of ErbB2 kinase predisposed mice hearts to injury from chronic isoproterenol treatment while significantly reducing isoproterenol-induced pAKT and pERK levels, suggesting ErbB2's role in transactivation in the heart. CONCLUSION: Our studies show that myocardial ErbB2 and betaAR signalling are linked in a feedback loop with betaAR activation leading to increased ErbB2 expression and activity, and increased ErbB2 activity regulating beta2AR expression. Most importantly, ErbB2 kinase activity is crucial for cardioprotection in the setting of beta-adrenergic stress, suggesting that this mechanism is important in the pathophysiology and treatment of cardiomyopathy induced by ErbB2-targeting antineoplastic drugs.
BACKGROUND: Our study aimed to evaluate response rate (RR) to brain metastasis radiotherapy (RT), depending on the genomic status of non-small-cell lung cancer. MATERIAL & METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 1971 non-small-cell lung cancer files of patients with EGFR and KRAS testing and focused on 157 patients who had undergone RT for brain metastasis. RESULTS: A total of 16 patients (10.2%) harbored EGFR mutations (mEGFR) and 45 patients (28.7%) KRAS (mKRAS). In univariate analysis, RR was significantly higher for mEGFR compared with wild-type EGFR/KRAS (odds ratio [OR]: 4.96; p = 0.05) or mKRAS (OR: 1.81; p = 0.03). In multivariate analysis, KRAS G12V or G12C status was associated with both poor RR (OR: 0.1; p < 0.0001) and overall survival (OR: 3.41; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: mEGFR are associated with higher RR to brain RT than wild-type EGFR/RAS or mKRAS.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to formulate fluorescent-labeled targeted immunoliposome to visualize the delivery and distribution of drugs in real-time. METHODS: In this study, fluorescent-labeled liposomes were decorated with anti-HER2 VHH or Herceptin to improve the monitoring of intracellular drug delivery and tumor cell tracking with minimal side effects. The conjugation efficiency of antibodies was analyzed by SDS-PAGE silver staining. In addition, the physicochemical characterization of liposomes was performed using DLS and TEM. Finally, confocal microscopy visualized nanoparticles in the target cells. RESULTS: Quantitative and qualitative methods characterized the intracellular uptake of 110+/-10 nm particles with near 70% conjugation efficiency. In addition, live-cell trafficking during hours of incubation was monitored by wide-field microscopy imaging. The results show that the fluorescent- labeled nanoparticles can specifically bind to HER2-positive breast cancer with minimal off-target delivery. CONCLUSION: These nanoparticles can have several applications in personalized medicine, especially drug delivery and real-time visualization of cancer therapy. Moreover, this method also can be applied in the targeted delivery of contrast agents in imaging and thermotherapy.
The purpose of this research was to investigate the effectiveness of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) targeted micelles loaded with IR-780 (Cetuximab/IR-780/micelles) for generating tumor targeting, multimodal images, and photothermal therapy (PTT). We initially studied the cellular uptake of these micelles using the HCT-116 and SW-620 cell lines. HCT-116 (high expression of EGFR) and SW-620 (low expression of EGFR) cell lines were used to examine biodistribution and antitumor effects of Cetuximab/IR-780/micelles. Time-lapse near-IR fluorescence (NIRF) images also indicated the highest IR-780 accumulation from Cetuximab/IR-780/micelles in HCT-116 tumors (p<0.05). HCT-116 tumors in tumor-bearing mice exhibited significantly higher accumulations of Cetuximab/IR-780/(111)In-micelles than SW-620 tumors in Micro-SPECT/CT imaging and biodistribution studies (p<0.05). Dual-radioisotope Nano-SPECT/CT imaging of Cetuximab/(131)I-IR-780/(111)In-micelles demonstrated simultaneous high accumulation of both IR-780 and micelles in HCT-116 tumors, but not in SW-620 tumors. Regarding antitumor effects, following the Cetuximab/IR-780/micelles with PPT on day 6, all HCT-116 tumor-bearing mice were cured. In contrast, SW-620 tumors relapsed at 13days after treatment. In summary, we expect that the Cetuximab/IR-780/micelles could enhance the antitumor effects by PTT in EGFR overexpression colorectal cancers through effective drug delivery nanoparticles.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and c-kit are tyrosine kinase growth factor receptors which are frequently expressed in basal-like breast carcinomas, and tyrosine kinase inhibition is now a promising strategy in treatment of breast cancer. The aim of this study was to evaluate the expression of EGFR and c-kit in breast cancer with special focus on the basal-like phenotype (BLP) and other prognostic factors in an African population. We analyzed 65 archival tissues immunohistologically. EGFR and/or c-kit were expressed in 55% of basal-like tumors. Expression of EGFR and/or c-kit was strongly associated with high histologic grade (P=0.001), high nuclear grade (P=0.017), high mitotic counts (P=0.002), ER negativity (P=0.003), PR negativity (P=0.007), and HER2 negativity (P=0.014). EGFR and/or c-kit positive tumors were more likely to express the BLP (OR 9.1, CI 2.6-32.0, P<0.0005) than the negative tumors. In conclusion, there is a high expression of EGFR and/or c-kit in basal-like breast carcinoma in this series from Uganda and their expression is associated with features of poor prognosis. More studies are required to assess the clinical significance of EGFR and c-kit in breast cancer patients in Uganda.
First-generation antibody-drug conjugates (ADC) are heterogeneous mixtures that have shown clinical benefit, but generally exhibited safety issues and a narrow therapeutic window due, in part, to off-target toxicity caused by ADC instability. ARX788 is a next-generation, site-specific anti-HER2 ADC that utilizes a unique nonnatural amino acid-enabled conjugation technology and a noncleavable Amberstatin (AS269) drug-linker to generate a homogeneous ADC with a drug-to-antibody ratio of 1.9. ARX788 exhibits high serum stability in mice and a relatively long ADC half-life of 12.5 days. When compared in vitro against T-DM1 across a panel of cancer cell lines, ARX788 showed superior activity in the lower HER2-expressing cell lines and no activity in normal cardiomyocyte cells. Similarly, ARX788 significantly inhibited tumor growth, and generally outperformed T-DM1 in HER2-high and HER2-low expression xenograft models. Breast and gastric cancer patient-derived xenograft studies confirmed strong antitumor activity of ARX788 in HER2-positive and HER2-low expression tumors, as well as in a T-DM1-resistant model. The encouraging preclinical data support the further development of ARX788 for treatment of patients with HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer, including those who have developed T-DM1 resistance, and patients with HER2-low expression tumors who are currently ineligible to receive HER2-targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND: Discovery and development of novel drugs that are capable of overcoming drug resistance in tumor cells are urgently needed clinically. In this study, we sought to explore whether ivermectin (IVM), a macrolide antiparasitic agent, could overcome the resistance of cancer cells to the therapeutic drugs. METHODS: We used two solid tumor cell lines (HCT-8 colorectal cancer cells and MCF-7 breast cancer cells) and one hematologic tumor cell line (K562 chronic myeloid leukemia cells), which are resistant to the chemotherapeutic drugs vincristine and adriamycin respectively, and two xenograft mice models, including the solid tumor model in nude mice with the resistant HCT-8 cells and the leukemia model in NOD/SCID mice with the resistant K562 cells to investigate the reversal effect of IVM on the resistance in vitro and in vivo. MTT assay was used to investigate the effect of IVM on cancer cells growth in vitro. Flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry, and immunofluorescence were performed to investigate the reversal effect of IVM in vivo. Western blotting, qPCR, luciferase reporter assay and ChIP assay were used to detect the molecular mechanism of the reversal effect. Octet RED96 system and Co-IP were used to determine the interactions between IVM and EGFR. RESULTS: Our results indicated that ivermectin at its very low dose, which did not induce obvious cytotoxicity, drastically reversed the resistance of the tumor cells to the chemotherapeutic drugs both in vitro and in vivo. Mechanistically, ivermectin reversed the resistance mainly by reducing the expression of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) via inhibiting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), not by directly inhibiting P-gp activity. Ivermectin bound with the extracellular domain of EGFR, which inhibited the activation of EGFR and its downstream signaling cascade ERK/Akt/NF-kappaB. The inhibition of the transcriptional factor NF-kappaB led to the reduced P-gp transcription. CONCLUSIONS: These findings demonstrated that ivermectin significantly enhanced the anti-cancer efficacy of chemotherapeutic drugs to tumor cells, especially in the drug-resistant cells. Thus, ivermectin, a FDA-approved antiparasitic drug, could potentially be used in combination with chemotherapeutic agents to treat cancers and in particular, the drug-resistant cancers.
Regulatory T cells (Tregs) facilitate primary and metastatic tumour growth through the suppression of anti-tumour immunity. Emerging evidence suggests a distinct role for Tregs in mediating tissue repair and barrier integrity in the lungs by IL-33 mediated production of the growth factor amphiregulin (AREG). Dependent on the type of cancer and local microenvironment, AREG may induce tumour cell proliferation, invasion, migration or resistance to apoptosis by signaling through the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). We have found that IL-33 is dramatically increased in and around metastatic tumour foci in the lungs of mice bearing orthotopic murine mammary tumours. We observed that Tregs express significantly more of the IL-33 receptor, ST2, relative to conventional T cells, that ST2(+) Tregs accumulate in the lungs of metastatic tumour-bearing mice, and that ST2(+) Tregs produce significantly more AREG than ST2(-) Tregs. The intranasal administration of recombinant IL-33 increased the proportion of AREG producing ST2(+) Tregs and enhanced the level of phosphorylated EGFR in the metastatic lungs. While recombinant AREG did not impact mammary tumour cell proliferation in vitro despite inducing a dose-dependent increase in phosphorylated EGFR, intranasal administration of AREG resulted in a ten-fold increase in pulmonary metastatic tumour burden in vivo. Further, the intranasal administration of recombinant IL-33 significantly increased metastatic tumour burden in the lungs in an amphiregulin-dependent manner. These data identify ST2(+) Tregs as a microenvironmental source of AREG in the lungs of mice with orthotopic metastatic mammary tumours and highlight an important role for AREG in promoting metastatic tumour growth in the lungs.
Basal transcription regulation of the epidermal growth factor receptor is dependent upon a CA simple sequence repeat polymorphism in the intron-1 (CA-SSR-1). Here, we evaluate the role of CA-SSR-1 in complete resected esophageal cancer (EC) patients without neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood leukocytes of 241 patients. To determine the number of the CA repeats in the CA-SSR-1, DNA was amplified by polymerase chain reaction and sequenced. The results were correlated with clinicopathological parameters and clinical outcome. Three genotypes were defined based on cut-off points for short allele (S) with </=18 and long allele (L) >18 CA repeats. A steadily increasing risk was evident between LL, SL, and SS genotype for larger tumor size, presence of lymph node metastases, and disseminated tumor cells in bone marrow as well as tumor recurrence (P < 0.001, chi-square test). A gradual decrease in disease-free and overall survival (OS) was present among LL, SL, and SS patients (P < 0.001, log-rank test). The different outcomes were also evident in nodal status and histological type adjusted subgroup analyses. CA-SSR-1 was identified as the strongest independent prognosticator of tumor recurrence and OS (P < 0.001, Cox regression analysis). CA-SSR-1 is a strong predictive factor for tumor recurrence and overall survival in patients with complete resected esophageal cancer without neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy.
Cancer stem cells (CSCs) are the main drivers of disease progression and chemotherapy resistance in breast cancer. Tumor progression and chemoresistance might then be prevented by CSC-targeted therapies. We previously demonstrated that Toll-like Receptor (TLR)2 is overexpressed in CSCs and fuels their self-renewal. Here, we show that high TLR2 expression is linked to poor prognosis in breast cancer patients, therefore representing a candidate target for breast cancer treatment. By using a novel mammary cancer-prone TLR2(KO) mouse model, we demonstrate that TLR2 is required for CSC pool maintenance and for regulatory T cell induction. Accordingly, cancer-prone TLR2(KO) mice display delayed tumor onset and increased survival. Transplantation of TLR2(WT) and TLR2(KO) cancer cells in either TLR2(WT) or TLR2(KO) hosts shows that tumor initiation is mostly sustained by TLR2 expression in cancer cells. TLR2 host deficiency partially impairs cancer cell growth, implying a pro-tumorigenic effect of TLR2 expression in immune cells. Finally, we demonstrate that doxorubicin-induced release of HMGB1 activates TLR2 signaling in cancer cells, leading to a chemotherapy-resistant phenotype. Unprecedented use of TLR2 inhibitors invivo reduces tumor growth and potentiates doxorubicin efficacy with no negative impact on the host immune system, opening new perspectives for the treatment of breast cancer patients.
BACKGROUND: One year of adjuvant trastuzumab, chosen empirically, improves survival of women with early-stage, Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) positive breast cancer. Two years of trastuzumab does not improve efficacy but increases cost, inconvenience, and adverse effects. We aimed to evaluate if less than 1 year of adjuvant trastuzumab retained efficacy while reducing toxicities and cost. METHODS: We performed a pooled analyses of efficacy and toxicity from Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) comparing 1 year of trastuzumab to shorter durations in adjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Hazard Ratios (HR) for Overall Survival (OS) and Disease-Free Survival (DFS), and Odds Ratios (OR) for cardiac events with respective 95% Confidence Intervals (CI) were weighted using generic inverse variance approach and pooled in meta-analyses using random effects models with RevMan 5.3 software. Sub-group analyses of outcomes based on Estrogen Receptor (ER) and nodal status were performed. RESULTS: Five RCTs involving approximately 12,000 patients qualified-three assessing 6 months and two assessing 9 weeks of trastuzumab compared to 1 year. All RCTs were designed to test non-inferiority of the shorter treatment. One year of trastuzumab resulted into better OS (pooled HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.07-1.42) and DFS (pooled HR 1.21, 95% CI 1.09-1.36) in overall population, but the benefit of longer treatment was statistically insignificant in node negative (HR 1. 20, p = 0.11), and ER positive disease (HR 1.15, p = 0.09). Odds ratio for cardiac events was significantly higher with the longer duration (OR 2.48, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: One year of trastuzumab for adjuvant treatment of breast cancer improves outcomes compared to shorter treatments in overall population. Cardiotoxicity is increased with the longer treatment.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer management depends on biomarkers including estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (ER/PR/HER2). Though existing scoring systems are widely used and well-validated, they can involve costly preparation and variable interpretation. Additionally, discordances between histology and expected biomarker findings can prompt repeat testing to address biological, interpretative, or technical reasons for unexpected results. METHODS: We developed three independent deep learning systems (DLS) to directly predict ER/PR/HER2 status for both focal tissue regions (patches) and slides using hematoxylin-and-eosin-stained (H&E) images as input. Models were trained and evaluated using pathologist annotated slides from three data sources. Areas under the receiver operator characteristic curve (AUCs) were calculated for test sets at both a patch-level (>135 million patches, 181 slides) and slide-level (n = 3274 slides, 1249 cases, 37 sites). Interpretability analyses were performed using Testing with Concept Activation Vectors (TCAV), saliency analysis, and pathologist review of clustered patches. RESULTS: The patch-level AUCs are 0.939 (95%CI 0.936-0.941), 0.938 (0.936-0.940), and 0.808 (0.802-0.813) for ER/PR/HER2, respectively. At the slide level, AUCs are 0.86 (95%CI 0.84-0.87), 0.75 (0.73-0.77), and 0.60 (0.56-0.64) for ER/PR/HER2, respectively. Interpretability analyses show known biomarker-histomorphology associations including associations of low-grade and lobular histology with ER/PR positivity, and increased inflammatory infiltrates with triple-negative staining. CONCLUSIONS: This study presents rapid breast cancer biomarker estimation from routine H&E slides and builds on prior advances by prioritizing interpretability of computationally learned features in the context of existing pathological knowledge.
In this study, a new series of 3-arylidene-4,6-dimethyl-5-hydroxy-7-azaoxindole compounds with a wide range of functional groups were designed, synthesized, and evaluated for their antitumor activity. Among the 35 compounds, compound 6-15, with a quinoline moiety, showed cytotoxic IC(50) values superior to those of sunitinib against the seven cancer cell lines (MCF-7, MDA-MB-231, HT-29, DU145, U937, A549, and PANC-1). However, its inhibitory activity against receptor tyrosine kinases (VEGFR2, PDGFRbeta, c-KIT, FGFR1, FLT3, CSF1R, EGFR, Axl, and Axl mutant) was 100 -3000-fold weaker than that of sunitinib. Interestingly, compound 6-15 exerted a 3.6-fold stronger cytotoxicity than sunitinib in the gemcitabine-resistant PANC-1 cell line and significantly inhibited Axl, which was in contrast with the effect of sunitinib. Nonetheless, both compounds suppressed the expression of growth arrest-specific 6 (Gas6), the ligand of Axl. The inhibitory effect of compound 6-15 on the Gas6-Axl axis was similar to that of Gas6 knockdown by siRNA in PANC-1 cells in terms of apoptosis induction, increase in Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, Axl down-regulation, and PI3K/Akt inhibition. The inhibitory effect of compound 6-15 on tumor growth in mouse tumor models with A549 and PANC-1 xenografts was much greater than that of cisplatin or gemcitabine. Taken together, the current findings demonstrate that compound 6-15 is a promising anticancer drug candidate that acts by inhibiting the Gas6-Axl axis.
Seminoma, originated from carcinoma in situ cells (CIS), is one of the main causes of cancer in young men. Postpubertal development of these testicular germ cell tumors suggests a hormone-sensitive way of CIS cell proliferation induction. Using the unique seminoma TCam-2 cell line, we demonstrate that both estradiol and testosterone can stimulate TCam-2 cell proliferation in the absence of the estradiol receptor ERalpha. We establish that estradiol can activate GPER-cAMP/PKA signalling pathway. TCam-2 cells express ERalpha36, a truncated isoform of the canonical ERalpha receptor, the expression of which is rapidly induced after estrogen treatment in a GPER-dependent manner. ERalpha36 knockdown indicates that ERalpha36 is (i) a downstream target of E(2)-activated GPER/PKA/CREB pathway, (ii) required for estradiol-dependent EGFR expression, (iii) necessary for cell proliferation. Colocalization of ERalpha36 with cytoskeleton microfilaments suggests a role of estrogens in cell motility. Our results highlight the functional role of ERalpha36 in context of seminoma cell proliferation and the importance of testing ERalpha36 in vivo as a possible future prognostic marker.
Lung cancer is the most frequent cancer for males and third most frequent cancer for females. Targeted therapy drugs based on molecular alterations, such as angiogenesis inhibitors, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors, and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitors are important part of treatment of NSCLC. However, the quality of the available tumor biopsy and/or cytology material is sometimes not adequate to perform the necessary molecular testing, which has prompted the search for alternatives. This review examines the use of tumor-educated platelet (TEP) as a liquid biopsy in lung cancer patients. The development of sensitive and accurate techniques have made it possible to detect the specific genetic alterations for which targeted therapies are already available. Liquid biopsy offers opportunities to detect resistance mechanisms at an early stage. To conclude, tumor-educated platelet has the potential to be used as liquid biopsy for a variety of clinical and investigational applications.
Wild-type reovirus serotype 3 Dearing (T3wt), a non-pathogenic intestinal virus, has shown promise as a cancer therapy in clinical trials, but it would benefit from an increased potency. Given that T3wt is naturally adapted to the intestinal environment (rather than tumors), we genetically modified reovirus to improve its infectivity in cancer cells. Various reovirus mutants were created, and their oncolytic potency was evaluated in vitro using plaque size as a measure of virus fitness in cancer cells. Notably, Super Virus 5 (SV5), carrying five oncolytic mutations, displayed the largest plaques in breast cancer cells among the mutants tested, indicating the potential for enhancing oncolytic potency through the combination of mutations. Furthermore, in a HER2+ murine breast cancer model, mice treated with SV5 exhibited superior tumor reduction and increased survival compared with those treated with PBS or T3wt. Intriguingly, SV5 did not replicate faster than T3wt in cultured cells but demonstrated a farther spread relative to T3wt, attributed to its reduced attachment to cancer cells. These findings highlight the significance of increased virus spread as a crucial mechanism for improving oncolytic virus activity. Thus, genetic modifications of reovirus hold the potential for augmenting its efficacy in cancer therapy.
PURPOSE: The efficacy and safety of combination strategies involving immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in patients with advanced epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have developed resistance to EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) remains uncertain. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ICIs combined with chemotherapy with or without antiangiogenic therapy (C/A) versus C/A alone in the treatment of advanced NSCLC after resistance to EGFR-TKIs. We searched databases, including PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, Web of Science, and meeting abstracts. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CI for median overall survival (OS) and median progression-free survival (PFS) were calculated. Risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CI were used as indicators of objective response rate (ORR) and adverse events (AEs). RESULTS: Eight RCTs involving 10 cohorts and 2,269 patients were included. Adding ICIs to C/A significantly improved PFS (HR, 0.67 [95% CI, 0.57 to 0.80]; P < .001), OS (HR, 0.89 [95% CI, 0.79 to 0.99]; P = .031), and ORR (RR, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.74 to 0.88]; P < .001) comparedwith C/A alone. Subgroup analyses showed that the benefits were more pronounced in patients with PD-L1 expression >/=50%, specific EGFR mutations (Leu858Arg), absence of Thr790Met mutation, and treatment with pemetrexed-platinum. No significant increase in grade 3 or higher AEs was observed, but rates of discontinuation and specific AEs (rash, hypothyroidism, and hypertension) were significantly higher in the ICI+C/A group. CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis suggests that the addition of ICIs to C/A may improve survival outcomes in patients with advanced NSCLC after resistance to EGFR-TKIs, particularly in selected subpopulations such as those with high PD-L1 expression or specific EGFR mutations. However, careful monitoring for specific AEs is warranted.
Melanoma is a highly aggressive skin cancer with limited therapeutic response. Targeting intracellular signaling pathways and promoting tumor cell differentiation are promising therapeutic strategies. Pentoxifylline (PTX) and norcantharidin (NCTD) have demonstrated antitumor properties, but their combined mechanisms of action in melanoma remain poorly understood. The effects of PTX (30 and 60 mg/kg) and NCTD (0.75 and 3 mg/kg), administered alone or in combination, in a DBA/2J murine B16-F1 melanoma model via intraperitoneal and intratumoral (IT) routes were evaluated. Tumor growth was monitored, and molecular analyses included RNA sequencing and immunofluorescence quantification of PI3K, AKT1, mTOR, ERBB2, BRAF, and MITF protein levels, and molecular docking simulations were performed. In the final stage of the experiment, combination therapy significantly reduced tumor volume compared to monotherapies, with the relative tumor volume decreasing from 18.1 +/- 1.2 (SD) in the IT Control group to 0.6 +/- 0.1 (SD) in the IT combination-treated group (n = 6 per group; p < 0.001). RNA-seq revealed over 3000 differentially expressed genes in intratumoral treatments, with enrichment in pathways related to oxidative stress, immune response, and translation regulation (KEGG and Reactome analyses). Minimal transcript-level changes were observed for BRAF and PI3K/AKT/mTOR genes; however, immunofluorescence showed reduced total and phosphorylated levels of PI3K, AKT1, mTOR, BRAF, and ERBB2. MITF protein levels and pigmentation increased, especially in PTX-treated groups, indicating enhanced melanocytic differentiation. Docking analyses predicted direct binding of both drugs to PI3K, AKT1, mTOR, and BRAF, with affinities ranging from -5.7 to -7.4 kcal/mol. The combination of PTX and NCTD suppresses melanoma progression through dual mechanisms: inhibition of PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling and promotion of tumor cell differentiation.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and genetic susceptibility were conductive to genotoxic effects including gene damage, which can increase mutational probability. We aimed to explore the dose-effect associations of PAH exposure with damage of exons of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1), as well as their associations whether modified by Flap endonuclease 1 (FEN1) genotype. Two hundred eighty-eight coke oven male workers were recruited, and we detected the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyr) as PAH exposure biomarker in urine and examined base modification in exons of EGFR and BRCA1 respectively, and genotyped FEN1 rs174538 polymorphism in plasma. We found that the damage indexes of exon 19 and 21 of EGFR (EGFR-19 and EGFR-21) were both significantly associated with increased urinary 1-OH-pyr (both P(trend) < 0.001). The levels of urinary 1-OH-pyr were both significantly associated with increased EGFR-19 and EGFR-21 in both smokers and nonsmokers (both P < 0.001). Additionally, we observed that the urinary 1-OH-pyr concentrations were linearly associated with both EGFR-19 and EGFR-21 only in rs174538 GA+AA genotype carriers (both P < 0.001). Moreover, FEN1rs rs174538 showed modifying effects on the associations of urinary 1-OH-pyr with EGFR-19 and EGFR-21 (both P(interaction) < 0.05). Our findings revealed the linear dose-effect association between exon damage of EGFR and PAH exposure and highlight differences in genetic contributions to exon damage and have the potential to identify at-risk subpopulations who are susceptible to adverse health effects induced by PAH exposure.
PURPOSE: It is inconclusive whether reproductive factors, which are known as risk factors of breast cancer, also influence survival. We investigated overall and subtype-specific associations between reproductive factors and breast cancer survival. METHODS: Among 3,430 incident breast cancer patients who enrolled in the Seoul Breast Cancer Study, 269 patients (7.8%) died and 528 patients (15.4%) recurred. The overall and subtype-specific associations of reproductive factors including age at menarche and menopause, duration of estrogen exposure, menstrual cycle, parity, age at first full-term pregnancy, number of children, age at last birth, time since the last birth, and duration of breastfeeding, on overall and disease-free survival (OS and DFS) were estimated by hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) using a multivariate Cox proportional hazard model. RESULTS: An older age at menarche (HR for OS=1.10, 95% CI=1.03-1.19), a greater number of children (>/= 4 vs. 2, HR for DFS=1.58, 95% CI=1.11-2.26), and a shorter time since last birth (<5 vs. >/= 20 years, HR for DFS=1.67, 95% CI=1.07-2.62) were associated with worse survival while longer duration of estrogen exposure with better survival (HR for DFS=0.97, 95% CI=0.96-0.99). In the stratified analyses by subtypes, those associations were more pronounced among women with hormone receptor and human epidermal growth factor 2 positive (HR+ HER2+) tumors. CONCLUSIONS: It is suggested that reproductive factors, specifically age at menarche, number of children, time since last birth, and duration of estrogen exposure, could influence breast tumor progression, especially in the HR+ HER2+ subtype.
Gastric cancer is a major cause of cancer-related deaths in both men and women. The epidermal growth factor receptors are EGFR, HER2, HER3 and HER4. Of the four epidermal growth factor receptors, EGFR and HER2 are well-known oncogenes involved in gastric cancer. Little, however, is known about the role played by HER3 and HER4 in this disease. We obtained paired samples from the tumor and the adjacent normal tissue from the same patient undergoing surgery for gastric cancer. Using RT-qPCR, we quantified the mRNA expression of the four receptors including the HER4 splicing isoforms and all the ligands activating these receptors. Using immunohistochemistry, the protein expression of HER4 was also quantified. We found that HER2 mRNA expression was upregulated in the tumor tissue compared to the matched normal tissue (p = 0.0520). All ligands with affinity for EGFR were upregulated, whereas the expression of EGFR was unchanged. Interestingly, we found the mRNA expression of HER4 (p = 0.0002) and its ligand NRG4 (p = 0.0009) to be downregulated in the tumor tissue compared to the matched normal tissue. HER4 downregulation was demonstrated for all the alternatively spliced isoforms of this receptor. These results support the involvement of EGFR and HER2 in gastric cancer and suggest an interesting association of reduced HER4 expression with development of gastric cancer.
Gene polymorphisms and mutations in various types of cancer may predict clinical response to chemotherapy and related toxicity, since they may affect the metabolism of the drugs commonly used in combination chemotherapy treatments. However, conflicting data have been generated on this subject. To elucidate this issue, this review discusses the clinical applications of several genetic polymorphisms in colorectal cancer patients treated with the most common agents alone or in combination. UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT)1A1 is a conjugating biotransformation enzyme that plays a role in maintaining the levels of endogenous compounds (e.g., bilirubin) and in handling exogenous compounds, including carcinogens. It has been demonstrated that the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism plays a predictive role in patients administered an irinotecan-containing regimen. Polymorphisms in XPD (Lys751Gln), a member of the nucleotide excision repair pathway, negatively affect response to therapy, with oxaliplatin/5FU reducing the survival of the patient. A similar reaction has also been observed in patients with the XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism, while patients with the GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism have an improved response to oxaliplatin/5FU therapy. Treatment with biological compounds such as cetuximab, an anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody, has been shown to be effective only in colon cancer patients with wild-type K-Ras. Fc polymorphisms are associated with progression-free survival in patients treated with cetuximab. Another monoclonal antibody useful in the treatment of colon cancer is bevacizumab, a monoclonal antibody to vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF); however, in some cases bevacizumab may cause deep vein thrombosis (DVP). In a related vein, our recent unpublished data show that the VEGF C936T polymorphism may increase the risk of DVP in cancer patients. In conclusion, this review indicates that certain polymorphisms increase the effectiveness of certain drugs, while others greatly enhance their toxicity. The study of the genetic 'habitus' therefore appears to be crucial for the development of tailored therapy for cancer patients.
BACKGROUND: Human Lung Carcinoma (LC) is among the most diagnosed cancers across the world among those non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) comprises about 85%. Next Generation Sequencing based detection of mutations are now well established in molecular oncology. With the advent of modern diagnostic methods, it is now well known that there are several mutations and gene rearrangements which are associated with the development of LC. Among those mutations, TP53 is the most prevalent with the concomitant EGFR mutation. METHODS: In this retrospective study, a total number of 414 patients have been incorporated who have attended RGCIRC in the period between November 2015 to March 2024. Clinical stage has been determined as per NCCN Guideline version 2.2024. Nucleic Acid (DNA and RNA) from FFPE samples were extracted and detection of mutation was performed by Next generation sequencing (NGS) method. RESULTS: All 414 patients opted for the customised NGS panel for lung cancer among those 203 patients were TP53 mutation and 87 patients were EGFR mutation positive. 62 patients were TP53-EGFR double mutation positive. The results of this study have shown that TP53 mutated patients show poor prognosis with conventional therapy. However, TP53-EGFR co-mutated patient's recovery rates are comparatively promising due to the availability of the targeted therapy of EGFR. CONCLUSION: Studies have shown that TP53 mutation is unlikely to derive clinical benefit in LC patients and shows poorer prognosis when compared to TP53 wild type and EGFR mutated patients show improved recovery due to availability of the Kinase Inhibitor (KI) treatment. In this study we have observed and concluded that TP53-EGFR co-mutated group also shows promising prognosis for the application of KI treatment. A further large cohort study will establish this clinical observation and enlighten more therapeutically relevant information.
BACKGROUND: Activating KRAS and BRAF mutations predict unresponsiveness to EGFR-targeting therapies in colorectal cancer (CRC), but their prognostic value needs further validation. In this study, we investigated the impact of KRAS codons 12 and 13, and BRAF mutations on survival from CRC, overall and stratified by sex, in a large prospective cohort study. METHODS: KRAS codons 12 and 13, and BRAF mutations were analysed by pyrosequencing of tumours from 525 and 524 incident CRC cases in The Malmo Diet and Cancer Study. Associations with cancer-specific survival (CSS) were explored by Cox proportional hazards regression, unadjusted and adjusted for age, TNM stage, differentiation grade, vascular invasion and microsatellite instability (MSI) status. RESULTS: KRAS and BRAF mutations were mutually exclusive. KRAS mutations were found in 191/ 525 (36.4%) cases, 82.2% of these mutations were in codon 12, 17.3% were in codon 13, and 0.5% cases had mutations in both codons. BRAF mutations were found in 78/524 (14.9%) cases. Overall, mutation in KRAS codon 13, but not codon 12, was associated with a significantly reduced CSS in unadjusted, but not in adjusted analysis, and BRAF mutation did not significantly affect survival. However, in microsatellite stable (MSS), but not in MSI tumours, an adverse prognostic impact of BRAF mutation was observed in unadjusted, but not in adjusted analysis. While KRAS mutation status was not significantly associated with sex, BRAF mutations were more common in women. BRAF mutation was not prognostic in women; but in men, BRAF mutation was associated with a significantly reduced CSS in overall adjusted analysis (HR = 3.50; 95% CI = 1.41-8.70), but not in unadjusted analysis. In men with MSS tumours, BRAF mutation was an independent factor of poor prognosis (HR = 4.91; 95% CI = 1.99-12.12). KRAS codon 13 mutation was associated with a significantly reduced CSS in women, but not in men in unadjusted, but not in adjusted analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Results from this cohort study demonstrate sex-related differences in the prognostic value of BRAF mutations in colorectal cancer, being particularly evident in men. These findings are novel and merit further validation.
In cancer, proliferation of malignant cells is driven by overactivation of growth-signalling mechanisms, such as the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) pathway. Despite its therapeutic relevance, the EGF-EGFR interaction has remained elusive to inhibition by synthetic molecules, mostly as a result of its large size and lack of binding pockets and cavities. Designed peptides, featuring cyclic motifs and other structural constraints, have the potential to modulate such challenging protein-protein interactions (PPIs). Herein, we present the structure-based design of a series of bicyclic constrained peptides that mimic an interface domain of EGFR and inhibit the EGF-EGFR interaction by targeting the smaller partner (i.e., EGF). This design process was guided by the integrated use of in silico methods and biophysical techniques, such as NMR spectroscopy and surface acoustic wave. The best analogues were able to reduce selectively the viability of EGFR+ human cancer cells. In addition to their efficacy, these bicyclic peptides are endowed with exceptional stability and metabolic resistance-two features that make them suitable candidates for in vivo applications.
Salivary gland carcinomas (SGC) are a rare and variable group of head and neck cancers with historically poor response to cytotoxic chemotherapy and immunotherapy in the recurrent, advanced, and metastatic settings. In the last decade, a number of targetable molecular alterations have been identified in SGCs including HER2 upregulation, androgen receptor overexpression, Notch receptor activation, NTRK gene fusions, and RET alterations which have dramatically improved treatment outcomes in this disease. Here, we review the landscape of precision therapy in SGC including current options for systemic management, ongoing clinical trials, and promising future directions.
Lung cancer represents the most common cause of cancer-related mortality globally, with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) comprising the vast majority of cases. Outcomes for stage II-III NSCLC remain suboptimal due to late presentation, biological heterogeneity, and limited efficacy of traditional therapies. Recent advances have reshaped the therapeutic landscape, with immunotherapy and targeted treatments now integrated into the management of resectable NSCLC. Landmark trials such as CheckMate 816 demonstrated improved event-free and overall survival with neoadjuvant chemoimmunotherapy approaches. Similarly, adjuvant targeted therapies such as osimertinib and alectinib have shown benefit in patients with EGFR and ALK alterations, respectively. This review provides an overview of evolving diagnostic strategies, highlights pivotal clinical trials, and explores multidisciplinary treatment approaches across stages I to III NSCLC. We also address key challenges including optimal treatment sequencing, patient selection, and duration of therapy. As clinical trial data continue to mature, personalized multimodal strategies guided by molecular and clinical features remain central to improving long-term outcomes in resectable NSCLC.
Oncolytic virotherapy is a distinctive antitumor therapy based on the cancer-cell-specific infectivity and killing activity of viruses, which exert a considerable antitumor effect with only a few treatments. Because colorectal cancer cells often acquire resistance to the molecular-targeted therapies and alternative treatments are called for, in this study, we evaluated the oncolytic activity against colorectal cancer cells of a recombinant measles virus (rMV-SLAMblind), which is blind to signaling lymphocytic activation molecule (SLAM) and infects target cells via nectin-4/poliovirus receptor-related 4 protein. We examined 10 cell lines including 8 cell lines that were resistant to epidermal-growth-factor-receptor (EGFR) targeted therapy. rMV-SLAMblind infected and lysed the nectin-4-positive cell lines dependently on nectin-4 expression, in spite of mutation in EGFR cascade. Tumour progression in xenograft models was also abrogated by the virus, and the infection of cancer cells in vivo by the virus was demonstrated with both flow cytometry and a histological analysis. Therefore, rMV-SLAMblind is considered a novel therapeutic agent for colorectal cancers, including those resistant to molecular-targeted therapies.
Chromosome rearrangement, a hallmark of cancer, has profound effects on carcinogenesis and tumor phenotype. We used a panel of 60 human cancer cell lines (the NCI-60) as a model system to identify relationships among DNA copy number, mRNA expression level, and drug sensitivity. For each of 64 cancer-relevant genes, we calculated all 4,096 possible Pearson's correlation coefficients relating DNA copy number (assessed by comparative genomic hybridization using bacterial artificial chromosome microarrays) and mRNA expression level (determined using both cDNA and Affymetrix oligonucleotide microarrays). The analysis identified an association of ERBB2 overexpression with 3p copy number, a finding supported by data from human tumors and a mouse model of ERBB2-induced carcinogenesis. When we examined the correlation between DNA copy number for all 353 unique loci on the bacterial artificial chromosome microarray and drug sensitivity for 118 drugs with putatively known mechanisms of action, we found a striking negative correlation (-0.983; 95% bootstrap confidence interval, -0.999 to -0.899) between activity of the enzyme drug L-asparaginase and DNA copy number of genes near asparagine synthetase in the ovarian cancer cells. Previous analysis of drug sensitivity and mRNA expression had suggested an inverse relationship between mRNA levels of asparagine synthetase and L-asparaginase sensitivity in the NCI-60. The concordance of pharmacogenomic findings at the DNA and mRNA levels strongly suggests further study of L-asparaginase for possible treatment of a low-synthetase subset of clinical ovarian cancers. The DNA copy number database presented here will enable other investigators to explore DNA transcript-drug relationships in their own domains of research focus.
BACKGROUND: The antitumor efficacy of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-targeted therapies, such as humanized monoclonal antibody trastuzumab (Herceptin(R), Roche), in patients with breast-to-brain cancer metastasis is hindered by the low permeability of the blood-brain barrier (BBB). NEO100 is a high-purity version of the natural monoterpene perillyl alcohol, produced under current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations, that was shown previously to reversibly open the BBB in rodent models. Here we investigated whether NEO100 could enable brain entry of trastuzumab to achieve greater therapeutic activity. METHODS: An in vitro BBB, consisting of human astrocytes and brain endothelial cells, was used to determine trastuzumab penetration in the presence or absence of NEO100. For in vivo studies, we administered intravenous (IV) trastuzumab or the trastuzumab-drug conjugate ado-trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1; Kadcyla(R), Roche), to mouse models harboring intracranial HER2+ breast cancer, with or without BBB opening via IA NEO100. Brain and tumor tissues were examined for the presence of trastuzumab and infiltration of immune cells. Therapeutic impact was evaluated based on overall survival. RESULTS: NEO100 greatly increased trastuzumab penetration across an in vitro BBB. In vivo, IA NEO100-mediated BBB opening resulted in brain tumor-selective accumulation of trastuzumab, without detectable presence in normal brain tissue, along with increased presence of immune cell populations. IV delivery of trastuzumab or T-DM1 achieved significantly greater overall survival of tumor-bearing mice when combined with IA NEO100. CONCLUSION: IA NEO100 facilitates brain tumor entry of trastuzumab and T-DM1 and significantly enhances their therapeutic efficacy, along with increased antibody-dependent immune cell recruitment.
BACKGROUND: The ginseng polysaccharide injection is a well-known traditional Chinese medicine often employed as a supplementary treatment for cancer. This treatment can not only alleviate the adverse effects caused by tumor radiotherapy and chemotherapy but also enhance the immune system of individuals diagnosed with lung cancer. It is important to acknowledge the efficacy of ginseng polysaccharide injection in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, these small-sample studies may have certain biases, and the underlying mechanisms of ginseng polysaccharides therapy for NSCLC are still unclear. METHODS: The present study involved a systematic review of the literature on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) focusing on using ginseng polysaccharide injection as a therapeutic approach for NSCLC. Seven databases were searched for eligible studies published before April 2023. Two researchers independently managed data extraction, risk of bias assessment, and data analyses using RevMan 5.3 software. In network pharmacology, we thoroughly searched the relevant literature on ginseng polysaccharides (GPs) and the PubChem database. This search aimed to identify the main active ingredients and targets associated with ginseng polysaccharides. Subsequently, we compared these targets with those of NSCLC and utilized bioinformatics techniques to analyze and explore their potential interactions. RESULTS: A total of 11 RCTs involving 845 patients with NSCLC were included in the meta-analysis. The meta-analysis revealed that ginseng polysaccharide injection combined significantly improved the objective response rate [RR = 1.45, 95% CI (1.26, 1.67), P < 0.00001]. Furthermore, it was observed that ginseng polysaccharide injection increased the serum levels of CD4(+) T-lymphocytes (CD4(+) T) [MD = 8.98, 95% CI (5.18, 12.78), P < 0.00001], and decreased the serum levels of CD8(+) T-lymphocytes (CD8(+) T) [MD = -2.68, 95% CI (-4.66, -0.70), P = 0.008]. Through network pharmacology analysis, a total of 211 target genes of GPs and 81 common targets were identified. GAPDH, EGFR, VEGFA, JUN, SRC, CASP3, STAT3, CCND1, HSP90AA1, and MMP9 were identified as the core target proteins. Additionally, KEGG enrichment analysis revealed 122 relevant signaling pathways, including Pathways in cancer, PD-L1 expression and PD-1 checkpoint pathway in cancer, and Proteoglycans in cancer. CONCLUSION: Ginseng polysaccharide injection can improve the ORR of patients with NSCLC, increase the serum levels of CD4(+) T, and decrease the serum levels of CD8(+) T. The potential mechanism may be associated with the PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway.
BACKGROUND The performance of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) have been proved to vary according to the races of the target population. The eGFR equations have not been validated in the Chinese cancer population received chemotherapy. Meanwhile, serum cystatin C (CysC), urea, beta2 microglobulin (beta2-MG), and creatinine (SCr) were also evaluated in a cohort of Chinese cancer patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS A total of 1000 cancer patients undergoing combination chemotherapy and 108 healthy volunteers were included in this study, and their renal function parameters were evaluated. The eGFR values were compared with reference GFR (rGFR) according to correlation, consistency, precision, and accuracy. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were used to evaluate the discriminating ability of the GFR equations and serological indicators of renal function. RESULTS (1) The equations contained CysC had the same varying tendency as rGFR in relation to the chemotherapeutic cycle. (2) eGFRscr+cysc and eGFRChinese scr+cysc worked better than the other equations, as indicated by a stronger correlation, less bias, improved precision, higher accuracy, and greater AUC. (3) CysC was more sensitive than the other serological indicators for identifying early renal injury. (4) Each parameter showed different characteristics in subgroups of Chinese cancer patients. CONCLUSIONS CysC was the most sensitive marker for early renal injury. Among the 8 most commonly used eGFR equations, the combination equation eGFRscr+cysc and eGFRChinese scr+cysc exhibited the best performance in the assessment of the renal function of Chinese cancer patients.
Exposure to fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) in outdoor air is carcinogenic and associated with the development of lung cancer; however, the underlying mechanism remains unclear. In the present study, the profiles of lncRNA, microRNA and mRNA expression profiles in human bronchial epithelia (HBE) following exposure to PM(2.5), diesel exhaust particles (DEPs), or aluminum oxide nanoparticles (Al(2)O(3) NPs) were explored by microarray to reveal the lncRNA-microRNA-mRNA network participating in the malignant transformation of HBE cells following long-term PM(2.5) exposure. The results showed that lncRNA SOX2 overlapping transcript (SOX2-OT) was significantly induced in HBE cells exposed to PM(2.5), DEPs, or Al(2)O(3) NPs, acting as a sponge to microRNA-345-5p, which subsequently increased the expression levels of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). EGFR is a therapeutic target in non-small cell lung cancer. Here, we found that SOX2-OT is an upstream trigger of EGFR in HBE cells during long-term PM(2.5) exposure. Importantly, SOX2-OT knockdown effectively reduced the colony formation and migration capacities of HBE cells, compared to the wild type control. Collectively, SOX2-OT/microRNA-345-5p/EGFR is a ceRNA mechanism underlying the malignant transformation of bronchial epithelia exposed to PM(2.5), which improves our understanding of the association between ambient PM(2.5) exposure and the development of lung cancer.
BACKGROUND: E75 is an immunogenic peptide from the HER2/neu protein that is expressed in prostate cancer. High-risk prostate cancer (HRPC) patients demonstrating varying levels of HER2/neu expression were vaccinated with E75 peptide plus granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor to prevent postprostatectomy PSA and clinical recurrences. STUDY DESIGN: Forty evaluable HRPC patients were prospectively identified using the validated Center for Prostate Disease Research/CaPSURE high-risk equation and enrolled. HLA-A2(+) patients (n = 21) were vaccinated, and HLA-A2(-) patients (n = 19) were followed as clinical controls. All patients were assessed for clinicopathologic factors, biochemical recurrence (consecutive PSA value >or= 0.2 ng/mL), clinical recurrence, and survival. RESULTS: Comparing the vaccinated and control groups, there were no statistical differences in clinicopathologic prognostic factors. At a median followup of 58.2 months (range 18.8 to 62.7 months), PSA recurrence rates were not different between vaccinated (29%) and control (26%) groups. Median time to recurrence from operation was 14.0 months (range 5.7 to 53.4 months) versus 8.5 months (range 4.7 to 34.1 months) (p = 0.7), respectively. Three vaccinated patients had PSA recurrences during the vaccine series. If these patients were excluded, median time to recurrence for the vaccinated group extends to 42.7 months (range 20.4 to 53.4 months) (p = 0.4). Study-wide, only one clinical recurrence and death occurred in a vaccinated patient that was early in the vaccine series. Subset analysis comparing vaccinated recurrent patients with control recurrences noted some statistical trends. CONCLUSIONS: The HER2/neu (E75) vaccine can prevent or delay recurrences in HRPC patients if completed before PSA recurrence. A larger randomized phase II trial in HLA-A2(+) patients will be required to confirm these findings.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for approximately 85% of all lung cancer cases and has gained considerable global attention. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) plays a key role in NSCLC treatment. NSCLC with wild-type EGFR (WT-EGFR) is not responsive to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), and chemotherapy, such as cisplatin (cDDP), continues to be utilized as a primary clinical treatment. However, the therapeutic efficacy of cDDP remains limited. Therefore, there exists an urgent need for the development of novel therapeutic strategies. Cudratricusxanthone A (CTXA) as a natural bioactive xanthone exhibits potential antitumor activity, but the mechanism has been unknown. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the potential antitumor effect and mechanism of CTXA against NSCLC with WT-EGFR by cell experiments, molecular dynamics simulation and surface plasmon resonance (SPR) technology. Our results showed that CTXA inhibited cell proliferation in NSCLC cells by suppressing the EGFR/Erk/AKT pathway. Additionally, CTXA exhibited antitumor effects by inhibiting the migration of A549 cells, causing G1 phase arrest, and inducing cell apoptosis. Further investigation revealed that these effects were mediated by the binding of CTXA to EGFR, with a K(D) value of 6.302 x 10(- 5) M. This interaction may lead to the suppression of EGFR phosphorylation and its downstream signaling. Moreover, the synergistic inhibition of CTXA in combination with cDDP was also found to be mediated by the suppression of the EGFR pathway and its downstream signaling. We demonstrated that CTXA exhibited antitumor activity and enhanced chemosensitivity to cDDP against NSCLC via the EGFR signaling. Our findings indicate that the utilization of CTXA alone or in combination with cDDP represents a potential novel candidate against NSCLC harboring WT-EGFR.
Large-cell neuroendocrine carcinomas of the lung (LCNECs) are rare tumors representing 1-3% of all primary lung cancers. Patients with LCNEC are predominantly male, older, and heavy smokers. Histologically, these tumors are characterized by large cells with abundant cytoplasm, high mitotic rate, and neuroendocrine immunohistochemistry-detected markers (chromogranin-A, synaptophysin, and CD56). In 2015 the World Health Organization classified LCNEC as a distinct subtype of pulmonary large-cell carcinoma and, therefore, as a subtype of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). Because of the small-sized tissue samples and the likeness to other neuroendocrine tumors, the histological diagnosis of LCNEC remains difficult. Clinically, the prognosis of metastatic LCNECs is poor, with high rates of recurrence after surgery alone and overall survival of approximately 35% at 5 years, even for patients with early stage disease that is dramatically shorter compared with other NSCLC subtypes. First-line treatment options have been largely discussed but with limited data based on phase II studies with small sample sizes, and there are no second-line well defined treatments. To date, no standard treatment regimen has been developed, and how to treat LCNEC is still on debate. In the immunotherapy and targeted therapy era, in which NSCLC treatment strategies have been radically reshaped, a few data are available regarding these opportunities in LCNEC. Due to lack of knowledge in this field, many efforts have been done for a deeper understanding of the biological and molecular characteristics of LCNEC. Next generation sequencing analyses have identified subtypes of LCNEC that may be relevant for prognosis and response to therapy, but further studies are needed to better define the clinical impact of these results. Moreover, scarce data exist about PD-L1 expression in LCNEC and its predictive value in this histotype with regard to immunotherapy efficacy. In the literature some cases are reported concerning LCNEC metastatic patients carrying driver mutations, especially EGFR alterations, showing targeted therapy efficacy in this setting of disease. Due to the rarity and the challenging understanding of LCNEC, in this review we aim to summarize the management options currently available for treatment of LCNEC.
BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Research biopsies (RBs) are crucial for developing novel molecular targeted agents. However, the safety and diagnostic yields of RBs have not been investigated in EGFR mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients pretreated with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). METHODS: We searched the medical records of NSCLC patients who participated in lung cancer clinical trials and underwent mandatory RBs between 2012 and 2014 at our institution. Only patients with EGFR mutation-positive NSCLC pretreated with at least 1 EGFR-TKI were enrolled. RESULTS: Of 140 enrolled patients, 73 (52.1%) and 59 (42.1%) had exon 19 deletions and exon 21 L858R mutation, respectively. Before RBs, 108 (77.1%), 83 (59.3%), and 36 (25.7%) patients had been treated with gefitinib, erlotinib, and afatinib, respectively. Computed tomography-guided percutaneous core needle biopsy was the most frequently used modality among 181 RBs performed (50.8%), followed by ultrasonography-guided (32.0%) and endoscopic RBs (16.0%). The most common RB sites were the lung (69.6%), pleura (8.8%), and liver (6.1%). Pathologic examinations revealed malignant cells in most RB specimens (72.9%). Complications due to RBs included pneumothorax (11.6%), bleeding (6.1%), and infection (1.1%). Only 1 patient required chest tube placement for pneumothorax, and 2 patients underwent endotracheal intubation because of bleeding. CONCLUSION: RBs in this patient population were generally safe. Pneumothorax was the most frequent complication; bleeding, while infrequent, increased the risk of severe events. The diagnostic yields and complications of any particular modality should therefore be discussed with prospective clinical trial participants.
The European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) held a virtual consensus-building process on epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant non-small-cell lung cancer in 2021. The consensus included a multidisciplinary panel of 34 leading experts in the management of lung cancer. The aim of the consensus was to develop recommendations on topics that are not covered in detail in the current ESMO Clinical Practice Guideline and where the available evidence is either limited or conflicting. The main topics identified for discussion were: (i) tissue and biomarkers analyses; (ii) early and locally advanced disease; (iii) metastatic disease and (iv) clinical trial design, patient's perspective and miscellaneous. The expert panel was divided into four working groups to address questions relating to one of the four topics outlined above. Relevant scientific literature was reviewed in advance. Recommendations were developed by the working groups and then presented to the entire panel for further discussion and amendment before voting. This manuscript presents the recommendations developed, including findings from the expert panel discussions, consensus recommendations and a summary of evidence supporting each recommendation.
Molecular subtype (MS) is one of the most used classifications of breast cancer (BC). Four MSs are widely accepted according to receptor expression of estrogen, progesterone, and HER2. The impact of adipose tissue on BC MS metabolic impairment is still unclear. The present work aims to elucidate the metabolic alterations in breast cancer cell lines representing different MSs subjected to adipocyte associated factors. Preadipocytes isolated from human subcutaneous adipose tissue were differentiated into mature adipocytes. MS representative cell lines were exposed to mature adipocyte secretome. Extracellular medium was collected for metabolomics and RNA was extracted to evaluate enzymatic expression by RT-PCR. Adipocyte secretome exposure resulted in a decrease in the Warburg effect rate and an increase in cholesterol release. HER2+ cell lines (BT-474 and SK-BR-3) exhibited a similar metabolic pattern, in contrast to luminal A (MCF-7) and triple negative (TN) (MDA-MB-231), both presenting identical metabolisms. Anaplerosis was found in luminal A and TN representative cells, whereas cataplerotic reactions were likely to occur in HER2+ cell lines. Our results indicate that adipocyte secretome affects the central metabolism distinctly in each BC MS representative cell line.
BACKGROUND: Brain metastases (BM) arising from triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) portend a poor prognosis. TNBC is more common in premenopausal and African-American (AA) patients; both of these characteristics also confer a poor prognosis. In a single-institution cohort study, the authors attempted to determine whether the inferior outcome noted with TNBC brain metastases is more reflective of a higher risk population or the subtype itself. METHODS: The University of North Carolina Breast Cancer Database identified patients with BC brain metastases who were diagnosed between 1988 and 2008. BC subtype was assigned by immunohistochemistry: hormone receptor (HR) positive (+);(HR, estrogen receptor [ER]+ and/or progesterone receptor [PR]+)/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) negative (-), HR+/HER2+, HR-/HER2+, and TN (ER-/PR-/HER2-). Survival and disease recurrence patterns were evaluated by subtype, patient age (<40 years vs >/=40 years), and race (AA vs non-AA) using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox regression analysis. RESULTS: Among 119 patients with BC brain metastases, 33% were AA and 31% were aged <40 years. BC subtype was confirmed in 98 patients (30% with HR+/HER2-, 21% with HR+/HER2+, 18% with HR-/HER2+, and 31% with TNBC). Survival after BM was found to be impacted by subtype (P = .002), and was shortest for patients with TNBC (0.24 years; 95% confidence interval, 0.17 years-0.48 years). There were no age-specific (P = .84) or race-specific (P = .09) differences in survival noted after brain metastases; stratification of BC subtypes by age and race revealed no difference (all, P > .1). The receipt of systemic therapy after BC brain metastases was found to be an important predictor of survival after BC brain metastases (hazard ratio, 0.29; P = .002) when adjusted for race, age, number of central nervous system lesions, and BC subtype. CONCLUSIONS: TNBC confers a high risk of death after brain metastases regardless of patient race and age, supporting the need for novel agents capable of controlling both intracranial and extracranial TNBC across all races and ages.
BACKGROUND: Vandetanib is a once-daily oral inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and rearranged during transfection (RET) tyrosine kinases. In a randomised phase 2 study in patients with previously treated non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), adding vandetanib 100 mg to docetaxel significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) compared with docetaxel alone, including a longer PFS in women. These results supported investigation of the combination in this larger, definitive phase 3 trial (ZODIAC). METHODS: Between May, 2006, and April, 2008, patients with locally advanced or metastatic (stage IIIB-IV) NSCLC after progression following first-line chemotherapy were randomly assigned 1:1 through a third-party interactive voice system to receive vandetanib (100 mg/day) plus docetaxel (75 mg/m(2) intravenously every 21 days; maximum six cycles) or placebo plus docetaxel. The primary objective was comparison of PFS between the two groups in the intention-to-treat population. Women were a coprimary analysis population. This study has been completed and is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00312377. FINDINGS: 1391 patients received vandetanib plus docetaxel (n=694 [197 women]) or placebo plus docetaxel (n=697 [224 women]). Vandetanib plus docetaxel led to a significant improvement in PFS versus placebo plus docetaxel (hazard ratio [HR] 0.79, 97.58% CI 0.70-0.90; p<0.0001); median PFS was 4.0 months in the vandetanib group versus 3.2 months in placebo group. A similar improvement in PFS with vandetanib plus docetaxel versus placebo plus docetaxel was seen in women (HR 0.79, 0.62-1.00, p=0.024); median PFS was 4.6 months in the vandetanib group versus 4.2 months in the placebo group. Among grade 3 or higher adverse events, rash (63/689 [9%] vs 7/690 [1%]), neutropenia (199/689 [29%] vs 164/690 [24%]), leukopenia (99/689 [14%] vs 77/690 [11%]), and febrile neutropenia (61/689 [9%] vs 48/690 [7%]) were more common with vandetanib plus docetaxel than with placebo plus docetaxel. The most common serious adverse event was febrile neutropenia (46/689 [7%] in the vandetanib group vs 38/690 [6%] in the placebo group). INTERPRETATION: The addition of vandetanib to docetaxel provides a significant improvement in PFS in patients with advanced NSCLC after progression following first-line therapy.
BACKGROUND: HER2-targeted therapy provides survival benefits to HER2-mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). A better understanding of the clinical and genomic characterization of treatment-naive HER2-positive NSCLC, as well as the efficacy of and resistance to HER2-targeted therapy in HER2-altered NSCLC, could promote further improvement of HER2 targeted therapy. METHODS: HER2-altered NSCLC patients was retrospectively included and their genomic profiles were performed by next-generation sequencing. The clinical outcomes included overall response rate, disease control rate and progression-free survival. RESULTS: Among 176 treatment-naive patients with HER2 alterations, 64.8% harbored HER2 mutations with/without HER2 amplification, and 35.2% carried HER2 amplification only. Molecular characterization was correlated with tumor stage that late-stage NSCLC with HER2 oncogenic mutations showed a higher prevalence of TP53 mutations and a higher tumor mutation burden. However, this correlation was not found in patients with HER2 amplification only. Twenty-one patients with HER2 alterations treated with pyrotinib or afatinib were retrospectively enrolled. Pyrotinib yielded a longer median progression-free survival than afatinib (5.9 [95% CI, 3.8-13.0] vs. 4.0 months [95% CI, 1.9-6.3], P = 0.06) in these patients. Analysis of the genomic profiles before and after anti-HER2 targeted therapies identified de novo HER2 copy number gain and G518W mutation, as well as mutations involving DNA damage repair signaling, SWI-SNF complex, and epigenetic regulations as potential resistance mechanisms. CONCLUSION: HER2-mutant NSCLC had different molecular features from HER2-amplified NSCLC, and its genomic profile was dependent of tumor stage. Pyrotinib had superior therapeutic effects than afatinib in HER2-altered NSCLC, although larger cohorts are warranted to validate it. HER2-dependent and -independent resistance mechanisms to afatinib and pyrotinib were unveiled.
BACKGROUND: Testing for human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) in breast cancer is performed by either immunohistochemistry (IHC) or in situ hybridization (ISH). The growth factor receptor-bound protein-7 (GRB7) gene is in close proximity to HER-2 on chromosome 17q11-12 and codes a signal transduction molecule shown to be an independent adverse marker in breast cancer. METHODS: HER-2 and GRB7 protein expression from 613 frozen breast tumors was determined by Western analysis. HER-2 protein results were confirmed with IHC. Commercial HER-2 FISH was performed on a subset of tumors with multi-probe FISH used to assess the extent of HER-2 gene amplification. mRNA expression was determined by Multi-plex RT-PCR. RESULTS: Seven tumors with GRB7 protein over-expression scored HER-2 FISH amplified but had no HER-2 protein over-expression. Four of the 7 tumors showed elevated GRB7 but not HER-2 mRNA over-expression. The breast cancer cell line HCC3153 did not over-express HER-2 protein but showed HER-2 FISH amplification of a limited segment around the HER-2 gene. Ten breast cancer tumors from the TCGA database had gene copy number increases around HER-2 without HER-2 mRNA or protein over-expression. CONCLUSIONS: A subset of human breast cancers that test positive with FISH for HER-2 gene amplification do not over-express HER-2 protein. One mechanism for this discordance is the incomplete amplification of the smallest HER-2 region of chromosome 17q11-12, which includes GRB7. HER-2 gene amplification without protein over-expression is clinically significant because patients with such tumors are unlikely to benefit from HER-2 targeted therapy.
INTRODUCTION: This study was performed to determine the incidence rates of resistance factors, i.e., high-level hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) expression, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M secondary mutation, and MET amplification, in tumors with intrinsic and acquired EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) resistance in EGFR mutant lung cancer. METHODS: Ninety-seven specimens from 93 EGFR mutant lung cancer patients (23 tumors with acquired resistance from 20 patients, 45 tumors with intrinsic resistance from 44 patients [nonresponders], 29 sensitive tumors from 29 patients) from 11 institutes in Japan were analyzed. HGF expression, EGFR T790M secondary mutation, and MET amplification were determined by immunohistochemistry, cycleave real-time polymerase chain reaction, and fluorescence in situ hybridization, respectively. RESULTS: High-level HGF expression, EGFR T790M secondary mutation, and MET amplification were detected in 61, 52, and 9% of tumors with acquired resistance, respectively. High-level HGF expression was detected in 29% of tumors with intrinsic resistance (nonresponders), whereas EGFR T790M secondary mutation and MET amplification were detected in 0 and 4%, respectively. HGF expression was significantly higher in tumors with acquired resistance than in sensitive tumors (p < 0.001, Student's t test). Fifty percent of tumors with acquired resistance showed simultaneous HGF expression with EGFR T790M secondary mutation and MET amplification. CONCLUSIONS: High-level HGF expression was detected more frequently than EGFR T790M secondary mutation or MET amplification in tumors with intrinsic and acquired EGFR-TKI resistance in EGFR mutant lung cancer in Japanese patients. These observations provide a rationale for targeting HGF in EGFR-TKI resistance in EGFR mutant lung cancer.
OBJECTIVE: We identified differentially expressed microRNAs (DEMs) between esophageal carcinoma (ESCA) tissues and normal esophageal tissues. We then constructed a novel three-miRNA signature to predict the prognosis of ESCA patients using bioinformatics analysis. Materials and Methods. We combined two microarray profiling datasets from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database and RNA-seq datasets from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database to analyze DEMs in ESCA. The clinical data from 168 ESCA patients were selected from the TCGA database to assess the prognostic role of the DEMs. The TargetScan, miRDB, miRWalk, and DIANA websites were used to predict the miRNA target genes. Functional enrichment analysis was conducted using the Database for Annotation, Visualization, and Integrated Discovery (David), and protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks were obtained using the Search Tool for the Retrieval of Interacting Genes database (STRING). RESULTS: With cut-off criteria of P < 0.05 and |log2FC| > 1.0, 33 overlapping DEMs, including 27 upregulated and 6 downregulated miRNAs, were identified from GEO microarray datasets and TCGA RNA-seq count datasets. The Kaplan-Meier survival analysis indicated that a three-miRNA signature (miR-1301-3p, miR-431-5p, and miR-769-5p) was significantly associated with the overall survival of ESCA patients. The results of univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that the three-miRNA signature was a potential prognostic factor in ESCA. Furthermore, the gene functional enrichment analysis revealed that the target genes of the three miRNAs participate in various cancer-related pathways, including viral carcinogenesis, forkhead box O (FoxO), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (ErbB2), and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathways. In the PPI network, three target genes (MAPK1, RB1, and CLTC) with a high degree of connectivity were selected as hub genes. CONCLUSIONS: Our results revealed that a three-miRNA signature (miR-1301-3p, miR-431-5p, and miR-769-5p) is a potential novel prognostic biomarker for ESCA.
Taspase1, a highly conserved threonine protease, cleaves nuclear transcriptional regulators mixed-lineage leukemia (MLL, MLL1), MLL2, TFIIA, and ALF to orchestrate a wide variety of biological processes. In vitro studies thus far demonstrated that Taspase1 plays important roles in the proliferation of various cancer cell lines, including HER2-positive breast cancer cells. To investigate the role of Taspase1 in breast tumorigenesis in vivo, we deleted Taspase1 from mouse mammary glands by generating MMTV-neu;MMTV-cre;Tasp1(F/-) mice. We demonstrate that initiation of MMTV-neu- but not MMTV-wnt-driven breast cancer is blocked in the absence of Taspase1. Importantly, Taspase1 loss alone neither impacts normal development nor pregnancy physiology of the mammary gland. In mammary glands Taspase1 deficiency abrogates MMTV-neu-induced cyclins E and A expression, thereby preventing tumorigenesis. The mechanisms were explored in HER2-positive breast cancer cell line BT474 and HER2-transformed MCF10A cells and validated using knockdown-resistant Taspase1. As Taspase1 was shown to cleave MLL which forms complexes with E2F transcription factors to regulate Cyclins E, A, and B expression in mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs), we investigated whether the cleavage of MLL by Taspase1 constitutes an essential in vivo axis for HER2/neu-induced mammary tumorigenesis. To this end, we generated MMTV-neu;MLL(nc/nc) transgenic mice that carry homozygous non-cleavable MLL alleles. Remarkably, these mice are also protected from HER2/neu-driven breast tumorigenesis. Hence, MLL is the primary Taspase1 substrate whose cleavage is required for MMTV-neu-induced tumor formation. As Taspase1 plays critical roles in breast cancer pathology, it may serve as a therapeutic target for HER2-positive human breast cancer.
Lifirafenib (BGB-283), a dual inhibitor trageting BRAF kinase and EGFR, showed favorable efficacy and safety in treating patients with different cancer types harboring mutations in BRAF, KRAS and NRAS. In order to support the clinical pharmacokinetic study, a sensitive high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) method was developed and validated to quantify lifirafenib concentration in human plasma and urine. Plasma samples were purified using protein precipitation. Urine samples were pre-treated by adding tween 80 with the purpose of preventing non-specific adsorption, then extracted by centrifugation. Chromatographic separation was achieved on Phenomenex Luna C(18) column with a gradient elution. The mass detection was performed using electrospray ionization (ESI) source under multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) in positive ionization mode. The method was fully validated, and the result of inter-assay and intra-assay precisions were less than 15% and the accuracy within the scope of +/-15%. The linear range for plasma and urine covered from 10 to 10,000 ng/mL and 1 to 200 ng/mL, respectively, with correlation coefficients of 0.99. The validation for matrix effect, recovery, stability and carryover were met the acceptance criteria. The method showed robust and sensitive, it successfully fulfilled the requirement of clinical pharmacokinetic study of lifirafenib in Chinese patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors.
Presentation with bone marrow metastasis at diagnosis is a rare event in breast carcinoma. Here, we report a rare presentation of metastatic breast cancer patient with bone marrow metastases, who was successfully treated with trastuzumab combined chemotherapy. The regimens initially applied for bone marrow metastasis were docetaxel/adriamycin, gemcitabine/vinorelbine, epirubicin/cyclophosphamide, capecitabine, docetaxel, gemcitabine, and paclitaxel. But, the best response to these regimens was not satisfactory. Our patient was completely treated with etoposide-cisplatin and trastuzumab combination. She is still on remission after five years of metastatic breast cancer diagnosis using letrozole and trastuzumab without complication. Physicians should be careful in treating bone marrow metastases in breast cancer, since patients can show improved marrow function after chemotherapy and long-lasting survival is possible.
OBJECTIVES: In order to improve the efficacy of targeted therapy trials, the expression profiles of several molecular markers that are potential candidates for targeted therapy were analyzed in patients with progressive castration-resistant prostate cancer. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Paraffin-embedded samples of tumor tissue from 51 patients obtained from biopsies of metastases or remaining prostates were analyzed immunohistochemically for the expression of EGFR, PDGFRbeta, Her-2/neu, c-Kit, and VEGF. Staining was analyzed according to the percentage of positively stained tumor cells and the intensity of staining. RESULTS: According to the different cut-off values of 10%, 30%, 50%, or 70% for the percentage of positively stained cells, different rates of expression were found. Expression rates ranged from 30.6% to 61.2% for EGFR, from 34.7% to 57.1% for PDGFRbeta, from 9.6% to 28.8% for Her-2/neu, from 12.5% to 22.4% for c-Kit, and from 51.1% to 74.5% for VEGF. Defining positive expression as >/= 30% positively stained tumor cells, with an intensity of staining of >/= 2+, resulted in positive expression of EGFR in 38.8%, PDGFRbeta in 24.5%, Her-2/neu in 13.5%, c-Kit in 6.4%, and VEGF in 44.7% of the patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our results demonstrate simultaneous expression of several markers in castration-resistant prostate cancer tissue. Translation of the results into modern, multi-arm clinical trial designs will improve the efficacy of recruiting and obtaining results, compared with multiple double-arm trials.
BACKGROUND: Immune modulatory factors like indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) generating kynurenine (Kyn) and receptor for advanced glycation end-products (RAGE) contribute to endometrial and cancer microenvironment. Using adequate experimental models is needed to learn about the significance of these molecular factors in endometrial biology. In this paper we study IDO1 activity and RAGE expression in the in vitro cultured primary human endometrial cells derived from cancerous and noncancerous tissue. METHODS: The generated primary cell cultures from cancer and noncancerous endometrial tissues were characterized using immunofluorescence and Western Blot for expression of endometrial and cancer markers. IDO1 activity was studied by Kyn quantification with High Performance Liquid Chromatography with Diode Array Detector. RESULTS: The primary cultures of endometrial cells were obtained with 80% success rate and no major genetic aberrations. The cells retained in vitro expression of markers (mucin MUC1 and HER2) or immunomodulatory factors (RAGE and IDO1). Increased Kyn secretion was associated with cancer endometrial cell culture in contrast to the control one. CONCLUSIONS: Primary endometrial cells express immune modulatory factors RAGE and IDO1 in vitro associated with cancer phenotype of endometrium.
BACKGROUND: Numerous molecular markers have been investigated as potential predictors of tumor responses to preoperative chemoradiotherapy (preCRT) for rectal cancer. OBJECTIVE: To develop a system in which biomarkers are used to predict the likelihood of a pathologic complete response (pCR) to preCRT. DESIGN & SETTING: This is a retrospective analysis of tumor specimens collected prior to preCRT from 81 patients who underwent curative resection for primary rectal adenocarcinoma between June 2008 and February 2012. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Using tissue microarrays and immunohistochemistry, expression levels of twelve candidate biomarkers (p53, p21, Bcl2, Bax, EGFR, Cox-2, MLH-1, MSH-2, Ku70, VEGF, TS, Ki-67) were evaluated in paraffin-embedded tumor samples collected before preCRT. The correlation between biomarker expression levels and the pathologic response to preCRT was assessed based on histopathological staging (pTNM) and tumor regression grade (TRG). RESULTS: Expression levels of 4 biomarkers (p53, VEGF, p21, Ki67) correlated with pCR. Patients showing low expression of p53 and/or high expression of VEGF, p21, and Ki67 exhibited a significantly greater pCR rate. A scoring system devised so that one point was given for each biomarker whose expression level correlated with pCR (score range: 0-4) showed that 1 of 26 patients with scores of 0 to 1 achieved pCR, whereas 26 of 55 patients with scores of 2 to 4 achieved pCR (3.8% vs. 47.3%, p < 0.001). For prediction of pCR, the scoring system showed 96.3% sensitivity, 46.3% specificity, a 47.3% positive predictive value, and a 96.2% negative predictive value. LIMITATIONS: Immunohistochemistry has limitations related to reproducibility and the ability to provide quantitative information. In addition, this study lacks test and validation sets. CONCLUSIONS: Expression levels of 4 biomarkers correlated with pCR after preCRT for rectal cancer. A scoring system based on levels of biomarker expression showed good sensitivity and negative predictive value for pCR.
AIM: Bearing in mind the association of breast cancer and meningioma, the present study aimed to investigate the levels of the soluble extracellular domain of HER2 protein in meningioma cases and control group. Besides, in the present research, its associations with pathological features and prognostic indicators of meningioma were examined. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 68 meningioma patients along with 20 healthy age-sex matched individuals, as controls, were selected. Levels of HER2 in the sera were measured by a quantitative enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). RESULTS: The observations showed that Serum HER2 levels in meningioma patients were significantly lower than normal controls. However, outlier quantities were mostly observed in the cases. Furthermore, in meningiomas with higher histological grade (grade II, III), statistically significant elevated serum levels of HER2 were observed compared to patients with low-grade meningiomas (grade I). CONCLUSION: Serum HER2 levels were a poor biomarker for determination of pathological and prognostic characteristics of meningiomas and coupling serum HER2 levels with immunohistochemistry examination of HER2 in meningioma tissue samples would be helpful in future studies.
The human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family consists of four members that belong to the ErbB lineage of proteins (ErbB1-4). These receptors consist of a glycosylated extracellular domain, a single hydrophobic transmembrane segment, and an intracellular portion with a juxtamembrane segment, a protein kinase domain, and a carboxyterminal tail. Seven ligands bind to EGFR including epidermal growth factor and transforming growth factor alpha, none bind to ErbB2, two bind to ErbB3, and seven ligands bind to ErbB4. The ErbB proteins function as homo and heterodimers. The heterodimer consisting of ErbB2, which lacks a ligand, and ErbB3, which is kinase impaired, is surprisingly the most robust signaling complex of the ErbB family. Growth factor binding to EGFR induces a large conformational change in the extracellular domain, which leads to the exposure of a dimerization arm in domain II of the extracellular segment. Two ligand-EGFR complexes unite to form a back-to-back dimer in which the ligands are on opposite sides of the aggregate. Following ligand binding, EGFR intracellular kinase domains form an asymmetric homodimer that resembles the heterodimer formed by cyclin and cyclin-dependent kinase. The carboxyterminal lobe of the activator kinase of the dimer interacts with the amino-terminal lobe of the receiver kinase thereby leading to its allosteric stimulation. Downstream ErbB signaling modules include the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt (PKB) pathway, the Ras/Raf/MEK/ERK1/2 pathway, and the phospholipase C (PLCgamma) pathway. Several malignancies are associated with the mutation or increased expression of members of the ErbB family including lung, breast, stomach, colorectal, head and neck, and pancreatic carcinomas and glioblastoma (a brain tumor). Gefitinib, erlotinib, and afatinib are orally effective protein-kinase targeted quinazoline derivatives that are used in the treatment of ERBB1-mutant lung cancer. Lapatinib is an orally effective quinazoline derivative used in the treatment of ErbB2-overexpressing breast cancer. Trastuzumab, pertuzumab, and ado-trastuzumab emtansine, which are given intravenously, are monoclonal antibodies that target the extracellular domain and are used for the treatment of ErbB2-positive breast cancer; ado-trastuzumab emtansine is an antibody-drug conjugate that delivers a cytotoxic drug to cells overexpressing ErbB2. Cetuximab and panitumumab are monoclonal antibodies that target ErbB1 and are used in the treatment of colorectal cancer. Cancers treated with these targeted drugs eventually become resistant to them. The role of combinations of targeted drugs or targeted drugs with cytotoxic therapies is being explored in an effort to prevent or delay drug resistance in the treatment of these malignancies.
BACKGROUND: Tumors can be caused by genetic or environmental factors, but previous studies have shown that genetic factors contribute less to lung cancer than environmental factors. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is the most common driver gene in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but most variations are somatic. In this study, we reported on the pedigree of the EGFR p.V1010M germline mutation for the first time, and explored the correlation between the V1010M and the occurrence of NSCLC. Further, the effect of the V1010M on the treatment of the EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) was investigated through the treatment of the proband with the simultaneous somatic mutation of the EGFR p.L858R. METHODS: The family members were screened using next-generation sequencing (NGS) and Sanger sequencing, and the pedigree was analyzed to examine the relationship between the EGFR p.V1010M and the occurrence of NSCLC. Schrodinger software was used to predict the structural function of the mutant amino acid sequence proteins. RESULTS: A total of 10 blood samples were collected from 4 generations of family members, many of whom had suffered from lung cancer. Six carriers of the EGFR p.V1010M were detected. The pedigree analysis showed that there was still no evidence of a correlation between the EGFR p.V1010M and disease occurrence. Additionally, the proband had the EGFR p.L858R somatic mutation, and the response after the treatment of gifitinib was stable disease (SD), which turned to progressive disease (PD) some 4 months later. Schrodinger software showed that the 1010th amino acid valine was located near the C terminal, and the variation to methionine had little effect on the structure of the EGFR dimer. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first report on pedigree with the EGFR p.V1010M germline mutation. Further research needs to be conducted to determine whether this mutation is pathogenic, but it is likely related to EGFR-TKI resistance in NSCLC.
Tripple negative breast cancer (TNBC) accounts for approximately 15% of breast cancers. It is defined by the absence of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), and HER-2 Over expression. Expression of ER, PR and HER-2 plays an important role in therapeutic assessment of patients with breast cancer. TNBC is not one disease, but a family of diseases, some of which are highly aggressive with limited treatment options. Triple-negative breast cancers Patients are not benefiting from currently available receptor-targeted systemic therapy. At present, there is no single agent that targets triple-negative breast cancer. However, researchers are presently investigating large number of potential therapies that may eventually improve outcomes in these patients. In this review article, we discussed about tripple negative breast cancer, also the role of BRCA gene mutations and targeted therapeutic options available to triple negative breast cancer patients.
Despite evidence from clinical trials showing the efficacy of shorter durations of therapy, most HER2-positive early breast cancer (EBC) patients receive a year of anti-HER2 therapy. A survey of Canadian oncologists was conducted online, with electronic data collection, and the analysis is reported descriptively. Measures collected included current practices with respect to the duration of adjuvant anti-HER2 therapy, perspectives on data regarding shorter durations of treatment, and interest in further trials on this subject. Responses were received from 42 providers across Canada. Half (50%, 21/42) reported having never recommended 6 months of anti-HER2 therapy. The primary reason physicians consider a shorter duration is in response to treatment-related toxicities (76%, 31/41). Most participants (79%, 33/42) expressed the need for more data to determine which patients can be safely and effectively treated with shorter durations. Patient factors such as young age, initial stage, hormone receptor status, and type of neoadjuvant chemotherapy were attributed to reluctance to offer shorter durations of treatment. Many respondents (83%, 35/42) expressed interest in participating in the proposed clinical trial of 6 months of anti-HER2 therapy. In contemporary Canadian practice, 12 months of anti-HER2 therapy remains the primary practice. Future trials are required to better define the role of shorter treatment durations.
Estrogens and tamoxifen do not only exert their effects at the genomic level, but also play a role at the cell membrane activating downstream signaling pathways. We recently characterized an estrogen receptor-positive epithelial murine breast cancer cell line, LM05-E. Utilizing this cell line and MCF-7 cells, we compared the non-genomic effects of estradiol and 4-OH-tamoxifen. We showed that, similar to estradiol, tamoxifen activated the MAPK/ERK 1/2 pathway; however, we did not find activation of PI3K/AKT by either estradiol or tamoxifen. Short-term treatments with estradiol stimulated, whereas tamoxifen inhibited cell proliferation. Using pharmacological inhibitors we showed that the effect of estradiol was mediated by the MAPK/ERK 1/2 pathway, but that inhibition of this pathway did not affect tamoxifen. Surprisingly, however, blocking of PI3K/AKT signaling interfered with the inhibitory effect of tamoxifen. Analysis of the involvement of the EGFR support previous findings that designate this receptor as a mediator of the non-genomic effects of estradiol; blocking EGFR also reverses the inhibitory effect of tamoxifen. Finally, matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) were confirmed to be involved in the proliferative effect of estradiol. These results demonstrated the novel non-genomic effects of tamoxifen and revealed that pathways downstream of EGFR and PI3K/AKT are involved in the inhibition of cell proliferation. Caution should be exercised when analyzing strategies that aim at combining endocrine therapy with specific signaling inhibitors.
BACKGROUND: Generally, tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy is recommended in first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harbouring a classic epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation. However, the response of patients with rare or complex EGFR mutations to TKI treatment is not predictable, nor is the prognosis for such patients. OBJECTIVES: In cases of rare or complex EGFR mutations, the right approach to therapy remains challenging. That is why we sought to analyse the characteristics as well as the prognosis and the response to TKI treatment of patients with rare or complex EGFR mutations. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 343 NSCLC patients tested for EGFR mutation at a German lung cancer centre were analysed for age, gender, and smoking status as well as for the mutation status. For 12 patients with rare and complex mutations, response to TKI treatment was described. RESULTS: 282 of all patients had a wild-type EGFR, whereas 61 harboured an EGFR mutation. 32 of these were classic mutations, followed by 16 rare and 7 complex mutations. EGFR mutations were significantly more frequent in women. Patients with rare or complex mutations were significantly more often smokers compared to those with classic EGFR mutations. Furthermore, rare and complex mutations were less responsive to TKI therapy. CONCLUSION: Patients with rare or complex EGFR mutations differ from those with classic mutations in terms of smoking status and response to TKIs. As these mutations may not respond well to TKI therapy, first-line TKIs should not be automatically chosen based on the sole presence of an EGFR mutation.
BRAF mutations occur in approximately 10% of colorectal cancers. Although RAF inhibitor monotherapy is highly effective in BRAF-mutant melanoma, response rates in BRAF-mutant colorectal cancer are poor. Recent clinical trials of combined RAF/EGFR or RAF/MEK inhibition have produced improved efficacy, but patients ultimately develop resistance. To identify molecular alterations driving clinical acquired resistance, we performed whole-exome sequencing on paired pretreatment and postprogression tumor biopsies from patients with BRAF-mutant colorectal cancer treated with RAF inhibitor combinations. We identified alterations in MAPK pathway genes in resistant tumors not present in matched pretreatment tumors, including KRAS amplification, BRAF amplification, and a MEK1 mutation. These alterations conferred resistance to RAF/EGFR or RAF/MEK combinations through sustained MAPK pathway activity, but an ERK inhibitor could suppress MAPK activity and overcome resistance. Identification of MAPK pathway reactivating alterations upon clinical acquired resistance underscores the MAPK pathway as a critical target in BRAF-mutant colorectal cancer and suggests therapeutic options to overcome resistance. SIGNIFICANCE: RAF inhibitor combinations represent promising approaches in clinical development for BRAF-mutant colorectal cancer. Initial characterization of clinical acquired resistance mechanisms to these regimens identified several MAPK pathway alterations driving resistance by reactivating MAPK signaling, highlighting the critical dependence of BRAF-mutant colorectal cancers on MAPK signaling and offering potential strategies to overcome resistance.
BACKGROUND: Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) have been described as a population of cells that may seed metastasis, which is a reliable target for the prevention of metastases in lung cancer patients at the early stage. The culturing of CTCs in vitro can be used to study the mechanism of lung cancer metastasis and to screen antimetastasis drugs. This study aims to establish CTC cell line in vitro and explore the potential mechanism of its metastasis. METHODS: A mixture of EpCAM- and EGFR-coated immunomagnetic microbeads in microfluidic Herringbone-Chip was used to capture CTCs. The CTCs, 95-D and A549 cells was evaluated by cell proliferation assays, clonal formation assays, migration assays and drug resistance. Flow cytometry and cytokine protein chip were used to detect the difference in phenotype and cytokine secretion between CTCs, 95-D and A549 cells. The NOD/SCID mice were used to study tumorigenicity, lung organ colonization and metastasis of CTCs. The H&E staining, immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence assay were used to detect the pathological status of CTCs. RESULTS: The number of EpCAM(+)/EGFR(+)/CK(+)/CD45(-) lung CTCs showed a weak negative correlation with clinical stages in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In a phase IIa lung cancer patient, we successfully establish a permanent CTC cell line, named CTC-TJH-01. In vitro studies showed the CTC-TJH-01 cells were in the intermediate stage of epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT), had stem cell characteristics and were drug resistant. In vivo studies showed that CTC-TJH-01 cells can induce tumorigenesis, lung organ colonization and metastasis after xenografting in immunodeficient mice. In addition, the low expression level of CX3CL1 and high expression level of CXCL5 in the CTC-TJH-01 cells may be an important mechanism for their metastasis. CONCLUSIONS: We successfully established a permanent CTC cell line with metastatic ability, which can be used to screen antimetastatic drugs and study the mechanism of lung cancer metastasis.
PURPOSE: Advances in breast cancer treatment have reduced mortality and toxicity, but it remains unclear which patients receive updated care and when. We aimed to identify factors associated with receiving updated breast cancer care. METHODS: We analyzed patients age 65-85 years with local or regional breast cancer, diagnosed between 2010 and 2018, using the SEER-Medicare database. We included patients who were continuously enrolled in Medicare for 1 year after diagnosis and were eligible for one of four updated treatments: (1) adjuvant paclitaxel-trastuzumab (APT) for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive local disease, (2) pertuzumab for HER2-positive regional disease, (3) neoadjuvant chemotherapy for triple-negative or HER2-positive regional disease, and (4) omission of chemotherapy for hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative regional disease. We examined the association between treating oncologist specialization (percent of SEER-Medicare patients with breast cancer) and receipt of updated care using multivariable analysis. RESULTS: Of the 21,575 patients eligible for one of these four updated care approaches, use of the APT regimen increased from 30% (95% CI, 23% to 37%) to 72% (95% CI, 67% to 77%), pertuzumab from 0% to 71% (95% CI, 66% to 76%), neoadjuvant chemotherapy from 23% (95% CI, 18% to 28%) to 60% (95% CI, 56% to 65%), and omission of chemotherapy from 54% (95% CI, 52% to 57%) to 61% (95% CI, 59% to 64%) from 2010 to 2018. In multivariable analyses, higher median income of residence county and greater specialization of treating oncologist were statistically significantly associated with receipt of updated care for all four treatment scenarios. Patients from lower-income areas who received care from more specialized oncologists were as likely to receive updated care as those from higher-income areas. CONCLUSION: Patients from lower-income areas were less likely to receive updated care, but specialized oncologists helped mitigate this disparity. Care models that expand consultative access to specialized oncologists should be prioritized for evaluation.
BACKGROUND: Several studies have investigated predictive and prognostic biomarkers for patients treated with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) agents in lung cancer. However, the conclusion is controversial. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the associations of mutant K-ras, PIK3CA and PTEN deficiency with the efficacy of anti-EGFR agents in lung cancer. The primary endpoint was objective response rate (ORR). The secondary endpoints were overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: A total of 61 studies were included in the final meta-analysis. The result showed that K-ras mutation was a good predictor for ORR (RR=0.42, 95%CI, 0.33-0.55, p=0.000) and an effective prognostic marker for OS (HR=1.37, 95%CI, 1.15-1.65, p=0.001) and PFS (HR=1.33, 95%CI, 1.05-1.69, p=0.019). However, PTEN deficiency or PIK3CA mutation did not show any significance predictive value for ORR (PTEN, RR=0.82, 95%CI, 0.56-1.19, p=0.286; PIK3CA, RR=1.08, 95%CI, 0.17-6.66, P=0.938). And PTEN deficiency or expression of PIK3CA did not show significance prognostic value for OS (PTEN, HR=0.88, 95%CI, 0.31-2.46,P=0.805; PIK3CA, HR=0.79, 95%CI: 0.23-2.68, P=0.706). CONCLUSIONS: Our meta-analysis showed that K-ras mutation may be an effective predictor in lung cancer patients treated with anti-EGFR agents. Whereas, the predictive and prognostic value of PTEN deficiency and PIK3CA mutation need to be further investigated.
BACKGROUND: Although first- and second-generation EGFR TKIs are considered first-line treatment in EGFRm+ NSCLC, most patients develop resistance and progress, commonly, EGFR T790M mutation. The third-generation EGFR-TKI has demonstrated efficacy in patients with progressive disease harboring the T790M mutation and in the first-line setting, bypassing this mode of resistance. The primary objectives of this study are to describe the proportion of EGFRm+ NSCLC patients treated with first-, second- and third-generation EGFR TKIs, and cytotoxic chemotherapy in the first-line setting, and the time on treatment for each category. Secondary objectives are to determine the dropout rate, the rates for T790M mutation testing at disease progression and the type of subsequent treatment. METHODS: This multicenter retrospective study utilized data from the Malaysian Lung Cancer Registry that actively registers all lung cancer patients >/=18 years, with primary lung cancer confirmed histologically or cytologically. All patients diagnosed with advanced stages (ie stages IIIB, IIIC and IV) EGFRm+ NSCLC from 1st of January 2015 to 31st December 2019 were included. RESULTS: Of 406 patients with EGFRm+ NCSLC, 351 were treated. Types of first-line treatment were as follows: EGFR-TKIs (first generation - 54.1%, second generation - 25.6% and third-generation - 12.5%) and chemotherapy (7.7%). The median time of treatment for each generation of EGFR-TKI was 12 months, 12 months and 24 months, and 2 months for chemotherapy. The dropout rate was 28.7% (n = 101). Nearly half (49.4%) of patients who were on first- or second-generation EGFR-TKI had further genetic testing via liquid or tissue biopsies upon disease progression. About 24.9% of those who developed disease progression after first- or second-generation EGFR TKI were started on a third-generation EGFR TKI. CONCLUSION: In the real-world, the management of EGFRm+ advanced NSCLC patients in an Asian cost-restrictive setting may adversely affect the choice of first-line therapy, time on each line of treatment and subsequently the overall survival of patients.
BACKGROUND: Lenvatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) approved for the treatment of progressive and radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC), is associated with significant adverse effects that can be partially mitigated through the development of novel drug formulations. The utilization of nanoparticles presents a viable option, as it allows for targeted drug delivery, reducing certain side effects and enhancing the overall quality of life for patients. This study aimed to produce and assess, both in vitro and in vivo, the cytotoxicity, biodistribution, and therapeutic efficacy of lenvatinib-loaded PLGA nanoparticles (NPs), both with and without decoration using antibody conjugation (cetuximab), as a novel therapeutic approach for managing aggressive thyroid tumors. METHODS: Poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) nanoparticles (NPs), decorated with or without anti-EGFR, were employed as a lenvatinib delivery system. These NPs were characterized for size distribution, surface morphology, surface charge, and drug encapsulation efficiency. Cytotoxicity was evaluated through MTT assays using two cellular models, one representing normal thyroid cells (Nthy-ori 3-1) and the other representing anaplastic thyroid cells (CAL-62). Additionally, an in vivo xenograft mouse model was established to investigate biodistribution and therapeutic efficacy following intragastric administration. RESULTS: The NPs demonstrated success in terms of particle size, polydispersity index (PDI), zeta potential, morphology, encapsulation efficiency, and cetuximab distribution across the surface. In vitro analysis revealed cytotoxicity in both cellular models with both formulations, but only the decorated NPs achieved an ID50 value in CAL-62 cells. Biodistribution analysis following intragastric administration in xenografted thyroid mice demonstrated good stability in terms of intestinal barrier function and tumor accumulation. Both formulations were generally well tolerated without inducing pathological effects in the examined organs. Importantly, both formulations increased tumor necrosis; however, decorated NPs exhibited enhanced parameters related to apoptotic/karyolytic forms, mitotic index, and vascularization compared with NPs without decoration. CONCLUSIONS: These proof-of-concept findings suggest a promising strategy for administering TKIs in a more targeted and effective manner.
The ability of engineered antibodies to rapidly and selectively target tumors that express their target antigen makes them well suited for use as radioimaging tracers. The combination of molecular size and bivalent nature makes diabody molecules a particularly promising structure for use as radiotracers for diagnostic imaging. Previous data have demonstrated that the anti-HER2 C6.5 diabody (C6.5db) is an effective radiotracer in preclinical models of HER2-positive cancer. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact on radiotracer performance, associated with expressing the C6.5db in the Pichia pastoris (P-C6.5db) system as compared to Escherichia coli (E. C6.5db). Glycosylation of P-C6.5db led to faster blood clearance and lower overall tumor uptake than seen with E. coli-produced C6.5db. However, P-C6.5db achieved high tumor/background ratios that are critical for effective imaging. Dosimetry measurements determined in this study for both (124)I-P-C6.5db and (124)I-E-C6.5db suggest that they are equivalent to other radiotracers currently being administered to patients.
Identifying cancer-associated mutations (driver mutations) is critical for understanding the cellular function of cancer genome that leads to activation of oncogenes or inactivation of tumor suppressor genes. Many approaches are proposed which use supervised machine learning techniques for prediction with features obtained by some databases. However, often we do not know which features are important for driver mutations prediction. In this study, we propose a novel feature selection method (called DX) from 126 candidate features' set. In order to obtain the best performance, rotation forest algorithm was adopted to perform the experiment. On the train dataset which was collected from COSMIC and Swiss-Prot databases, we are able to obtain high prediction performance with 88.03% accuracy, 93.9% precision, and 81.35% recall when the 11 top-ranked features were used. Comparison with other various techniques in the TP53, EGFR, and Cosmic2plus datasets shows the generality of our method.
In the era of targeted therapy, mutation profiling of cancer is a crucial aspect of making therapeutic decisions. To characterize cancer at a molecular level, the use of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue is important. We tested the Ion AmpliSeq Cancer Hotspot Panel v2 and nCounter Copy Number Variation Assay in 89 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded gastric cancer samples to determine whether they are applicable in archival clinical samples for personalized targeted therapies. We validated the results with Sanger sequencing, real-time quantitative PCR, fluorescence in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry. Frequently detected somatic mutations included TP53 (28.17%), APC (10.1%), PIK3CA (5.6%), KRAS (4.5%), SMO (3.4%), STK11 (3.4%), CDKN2A (3.4%) and SMAD4 (3.4%). Amplifications of HER2, CCNE1, MYC, KRAS and EGFR genes were observed in 8 (8.9%), 4 (4.5%), 2 (2.2%), 1 (1.1%) and 1 (1.1%) cases, respectively. In the cases with amplification, fluorescence in situ hybridization for HER2 verified gene amplification and immunohistochemistry for HER2, EGFR and CCNE1 verified the overexpression of proteins in tumor cells. In conclusion, we successfully performed semiconductor-based sequencing and nCounter copy number variation analyses in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded gastric cancer samples. High-throughput screening in archival clinical samples enables faster, more accurate and cost-effective detection of hotspot mutations or amplification in genes.
Until present, late-stage gastric cancer (GC) remains a refractory disease featured with poor prognosis. However, the upcoming era of immunotherapy turns situations around. Programmed death-1 receptor (PD-1)/programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) signaling blockade, an option of immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI), has gained approval for the third-line treatment of patients with locally advanced and/or metastatic GC. Despite its efficacy in a few tumor subtypes, most patients are insensitive to anti-PD-1 monotherapy. Therefore, growing interests arise in combination immunotherapy. To explore the maximal potentials of ICI, oncologists also focus on ICI rechallenge. Here we present a patient with unresected stage IV, Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) unrelated, microsatellite stable and HER2 heterogeneously expressed gastric adenocarcinoma who experienced the failures of previous immunotherapy. He was then rechallenged with identical ICI regime combined with tyrosine kinase inhibiting and anti-HER2 therapy. The patient responded and tolerated well to this regimen and survived with fair living quality after 28 months of treatment. This case suggests that patients who fail frontline immunotherapy still possibly benefit from rechallenge of the same anti-PD-1 regimen. Besides, combination of ICI and other target agents might intrigue a synergistic effect, resulting in enhanced anti-tumor effect, which provides a meaningful therapeutic strategy. Relevant studies are underway of investigation and might be a hotspot for future research.
The study aimed to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on breast cancer diagnosis, tumor characteristics, and staging in an Eastern-European country. This retrospective study included 11,635 breast cancer patients and clients presenting between March 2019 and March 2022. Patients were categorized into pre-pandemic, pandemic, and post-pandemic groups. Data included age, sex, pathology, tumor characteristics (histologic type, grade, ER/PR/HER2 status), and TNM staging. Statistical analysis compared these parameters across the three-time intervals.During the pandemic, breast cancer diagnosis decreased significantly compared to the pre-pandemic period (9.1% vs. 13.17%, p < 0.001) but increased post-pandemic (11%, p = 0.013). Invasive ductal carcinoma of non-special type (IDC-NST) was predominant in all three-time periods. Aggressive tumors (Nottingham grade 3, ER negative) increased during the pandemic and post-pandemic times. Molecular subtypes showed variations across time intervals, with triple-negative tumors rising significantly. Larger tumors, increased lymph node involvement (9-19%), and distant metastasis characterized the pandemic and post-pandemic periods. Compared to pre-pandemic patients, post-pandemic ones were 7 times more likely to be metastatic at diagnosis (p < 0.05). The COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant decrease in breast cancer diagnosis, particularly during the pandemic period. Tumors appeared more aggressive, with higher lymph node and distant metastatic involvement. The long-term prognosis and healthcare cost implications remain uncertain. These findings emphasize the need for adapted cancer screening programs and healthcare system readiness during pandemics.COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a lower detection rate among patients diagnosed with breast cancer and increased TNM stage.
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with epithermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations can be treated with EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs), however, development of acquired resistance could significantly limit curative effects of EGFR-TKIs. Different mechanisms of acquired resistance to first-generation and second-generation EGFR TKIs have been widely reported, but there were few reports on the resistant mechanism of third-generation EGFR-TKI such as osimertinib (AZD9291). In the present study, significant upregulation of Bcl-2 was found in AZD9291-resistant H1975 cells (H1975AR) compared with H1975, which may constitute an important resistant mechanism of acquired resistance to AZD9291. More importantly, our study showed that synergism between AZD9291 and Bcl-2 inhibitor ABT263 (0.25 muM) or ABT199 (1 muM) could effectively overcome the acquired resistance of AZD9291 in H1975AR in vitro. Flow cytometry analyses demonstrated that AZD9291 + ABT263/ABT199 caused a significantly different cell cycle distribution and produced significantly more apoptosis compared with either AZD9291 or ABT263/ABT199 treatment alone. Further multiscreen/Western blot analyses revealed that NF-kappaB was significantly downregulated in AZD9291 + ABT263/ABT199 treatment groups compared with AZD9291 or ABT263/ABT199 treatment alone, with a more significant reduction of NF-kappaB in AZD9291 + ABT199 compared with AZD9291 + ABT263. It is also noticeable that AZD9291 + ABT263 specifically caused a significantly reduced expression of p21 compared with AZD9291 or ABT263 treatment alone while AZD9291 + ABT199 specifically caused significantly reduced expressions of SQSTM1 and survivin, but increased expression of autophagosome marker LC3-II compared with AZD9291 or ABT199 treatment alone. Furthermore, cytotoxicity of AZD9291 + ABT199 could be partially reversed by autophagy inhibitor chloroquine. These results suggest that ABT263 and ABT199 may work through different signaling pathways to achieve synergistic cytotoxicity with AZD9291 in H1975AR. These findings suggest that Bcl-2 inhibitor may provide an effective option in combination therapy with EGFR-TKIs to treat NSCLC with EGFR-TKI acquired resistance.
Aporphinoid alkaloids, which encompass a large number of complicated structures, are an important group of natural products. The anticancer activity of aporphinoid alkaloids has become a hot pharmaceutical research area in recent years. Recent studies on the anticancer activity of these compounds are reviewed. The structure activity relationships (SARs) and anticancer mechanisms of aporphinoid alkaloids, as well as simple aporphine, oxoaporphine, dehydroaporphine and dimeric aporphine, have been summarized. The presence of a 1,2-methylenedioxy group and methylation of nitrogen are key features to the cytotoxicity of aporphinoid alkaloids. Oxidation and dehydrogenation of C7 could improve the anticancer activity. The contributions of chirality of hydrogen at C6a and the substitution pattern of other positions about aporphinoid alkaloids for anticancer activity remain unknown. Induced cancer cells apoptosis, prevention of cell proliferation, DNA topoisomerase inhibition, reducing the drug-resistant cellular side population (SP) or cancer stem cells (CSCs) and inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase seem to play important roles in the molecular mechanisms of anticancer activity about aporphinoid alkaloids.
Since leptomeningeal carcinomatosis is rarely observed before diagnosis of the primary cancer, its detection is often delayed. We report the case of a 60-year-old woman who presented with lung adenocarcinoma with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis. Magnetic resonance imaging showed the characteristic abnormal hyperintensity along the ventral surface of the brain stem on fluid-attenuated inversion recovery and diffusion weighted imaging. It had no contrast uptake. Based on these findings, we were able to make an early diagnosis of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis of lung adenocarcinoma. This condition was resolved after treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
The development of nucleic acid-based drugs for cancer therapeutic application has shown promising results in the past. However the delivery of these drugs to target cells is one problem which remains to be resolved. Nanoparticles have been described as promising strategies to deliver drugs into target cells. Human serum albumin (HSA) nanoparticles conjugated to trastuzumab for a cell type-specific targeting of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-overexpressing cells were developed with incorporated expression plasmids for small hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting polo-like kinase 1 (Plk1). Plk1 is a promising target for such an approach because it is overexpressed in all known cancer types and is a negative prognostic factor. Receptor-mediated uptake of the trastuzumab-modified nanoparticles into HER2-positive cells could be observed leading to reduced Plk1 expression. Taken together, HSA nanoparticles represent promising tools to deliver expression plasmids for shRNAs into target cells and should be further evaluated with regard to a therapeutic application of RNA interference in cancer therapy.
PURPOSE: This study was performed to investigate the efficacy and safety of combined immunotherapy and antiangiogenic therapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in the real world. METHODS: Data on clinicopathological features, efficacy and adverse events (AEs) were collected retrospectively in advanced NSCLC patients who received immunotherapy combined with antiangiogenic therapy. RESULTS: A total of 85 advanced NSCLC patients were enrolled. The patients had a median progression-free survival (PFS) of 7.9 months and a median overall survival (OS) of 18.60 months. The objective response rate and disease control rate were 32.9% and 83.5%, respectively. Subgroup analysis revealed that NSCLC patients with stage IV (p = 0.042), brain metastasis (p = 0.016) and bone metastasis (p = 0.016) had shorter PFS. NSCLC patients with brain metastasis (p = 0.025), liver metastasis (p = 0.012), bone metastasis (p = 0.014) and EGFR mutations (p = 0.033) had shorter OS. Multivariate analysis revealed that brain metastasis (HR = 1.798, 95% CI: 1.038, 3.112, p = 0.036) and bone metastasis (HR = 1.824, 95% CI: 1.077, 3.090, p = 0.025) were independent predictive factors of PFS, and bone metastasis (HR = 2.00, 95% CI: 1.124, 3.558, p = 0.018) was an independent predictive factor of OS. In addition, patients receiving immunotherapy combined with antiangiogenic therapy in second-line therapy had longer OS than those receiving immunotherapy in third- or later-line therapy (p = 0.039). Patients with EGFR mutations who received combination therapy had worse OS than those with KRAS mutations (p = 0.026). Furthermore, PD-L1 expression was associated with treatment responses in advanced NSCLC (chi2 = 22.123, p = 0.000). AEs of different grades occurred in 92.9% (79/85) of NSCLC patients, most of which were mild grade 1/2 AEs. No grade 5 fatal AEs occurred. CONCLUSION: Immunotherapy combined with antiangiogenic therapy was an option for advanced NSCLC patients with good safety and tolerability. Brain metastases and bone metastases were potentially independent negative predictors of PFS. Bone metastases were a potential independent negative predictor of OS. PD-L1 expression was a potential predictor of response for immunotherapy combined with antiangiogenic therapy.
BACKGROUND: Zalypsis((R)) is a marine compound in phase II clinical trials for multiple myeloma, cervical and endometrial cancer, and Ewing's sarcoma. However, the determinants of the response to Zalypsis are not well known. The identification of biomarkers for Zalypsis activity would also contribute to broaden the spectrum of tumors by selecting those patients more likely to respond to this therapy. METHODS: Using in vitro drug sensitivity data coupled with a set of molecular data from a panel of sarcoma cell lines, we developed molecular signatures that predict sensitivity to Zalypsis. We verified these results in culture and in vivo xenograft studies. RESULTS: Zalypsis resistance was dependent on the expression levels of PDGFRalpha or constitutive phosphorylation of c-Kit, indicating that the activation of tyrosine kinase receptors (TKRs) may determine resistance to Zalypsis. To validate our observation, we measured the levels of total and active (phosphorylated) forms of the RTKs PDGFRalpha/beta, c-Kit, and EGFR in a new panel of diverse solid tumor cell lines and found that the IC50 to the drug correlated with RTK activation in this new panel. We further tested our predictions about Zalypsis determinants for response in vivo in xenograft models. All cells lines expressing low levels of RTK signaling were sensitive to Zalypsis in vivo, whereas all cell lines except two with high levels of RTK signaling were resistant to the drug. CONCLUSIONS: RTK activation might provide important signals to overcome the cytotoxicity of Zalypsis and should be taken into consideration in current and future clinical trials.
PURPOSE: To assess morphology on diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and intratumoral signal intensity (SI) on T2-weighted images (T2WI) of breast carcinomas, and to evaluate the association between the combined DWI and T2WI findings and breast cancer subtypes. METHODS: Two hundred and eighty breast cancer patients who underwent breast MRI prior to therapy were included in this retrospective study. All had invasive carcinomas, which were classified into five subtypes: Luminal A-like (n = 149), Luminal B-like (n = 63), Hormone receptor-positive HER2 (n = 31), Hormone receptor-negative HER2 (n = 13), or Triple-negative (TN) (n = 24). Based on the morphology on DWI, the tumors were classified into two patterns: DWI-homogeneous or DWI-heterogeneous. If DWI-heterogeneous, an assessment of intratumoral SI on T2WI was performed: tumors with intratumoral high/low SI on T2WI were classified as Hete-H/Hete-L, respectively. The associations between (1) the morphological patterns on DWI and the five subtypes, and (2) the intratumoral SI patterns on T2WI and the five subtypes in DWI-heterogeneous were evaluated. RESULTS: There was a significant association between (1) the morphological patterns on DWI and the five subtypes (p < 0.0001), and (2) the intratumoral SI patterns on T2WI and the five subtypes in DWI-heterogeneous (p < 0.0001). DWI-homogeneous was dominant in Luminal A-like (67.1%), and Hete-H was dominant in TN type (75%). Hete-H, suggesting the presence of intratumoral necrosis, included high proliferative and/or aggressive subtypes more frequently (80%) than Hete-L, suggesting the presence of fibrotic focus. Fibrotic focus was seen more commonly in the luminal subtypes. CONCLUSION: The combined findings on DWI and T2WI revealed breast carcinomas that were associated with particular subtypes.
Multivariable DIGE/MS was used to investigate proteins altered in expression and/or post-translational modification in response to activation of transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta receptors in MCF10A mammary epithelial cells overexpressing the HER2/Neu (ErbB2) oncogene. Proteome changes were monitored in response to exogenous TGF-beta over time (0, 8, 24, and 40 h), and proteins were resolved using medium range (pH 4-7) and narrow range (pH 5.3-6.5) isoelectric focusing combined with up to 2 mg of protein to allow inspection of lower abundance proteins. Triplicate samples were prepared independently and analyzed together across multiple DIGE gels using a pooled sample internal standard to quantify expression changes with statistical confidence. Unsupervised principle component analysis and hierarchical clustering of the individual DIGE proteome expression maps provided independent confirmation of distinct expression patterns from the individual experiments and demonstrated high reproducibility between replicate samples. Fifty-nine proteins (including some isoforms) that exhibited significant kinetic expression changes were identified using mass spectrometry and database interrogation and were mapped to existing biological networks involved in TGF-beta signaling. Several proteins with a potential role in breast cancer, such as maspin and cathepsin D, were identified as novel molecules associated with TGF-beta signaling.
CONTEXT: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer. Gefitinib is a first-line treatment for NSCLC. However, its effectiveness is hindered by the development of drug resistance. At present, Shenqi Fuzheng injection (SFI) is widely accepted as an adjuvant therapy in NSCLC. OBJECTIVE: This study investigates the molecular mechanism of SFI when combined with gefitinib in regulating cell progression among EGFR-TKI-resistant NSCLC. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We established gefitinib-resistant PC9-GR cells by exposing gefitinib escalation from 10 nM with the indicated concentrations of SFI in PC9 cells (1, 4, and 8 mg/mL). Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to assess gene expression. PC9/GR and H1975 cells were treated with 50 ng/mL of interleukin (IL)-22 alone or in combination with 10 mg/mL of SFI. STAT3, p-STAT3, AKT, and p-AKT expression were evaluated using Western blot. The effects on cell proliferation, clonogenicity, and apoptosis in NSCLC cells were assessed by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), colony formation and flow cytometry assays. RESULTS: SFI treatment alleviated the development of gefitinib resistance in NSCLC. PC9/GR and H1975 cells treated with SFI significantly exhibited a reduction in IL-22 protein and mRNA overexpression levels. SFI effectively counteracted the activation of the STAT3/AKT signaling pathway induced by adding exogenous IL-22 to PC9/GR and H1975 cells. Moreover, IL-22 combined with gefitinib markedly increased cell viability while reducing apoptosis. In contrast, combining SFI with gefitinib and the concurrent treatment of SFI with gefitinib and IL-22 demonstrated the opposite effect. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: SFI can be a valuable therapeutic option to address gefitinib resistance in NSCLC by suppressing the IL-22/STAT3/AKT pathway.
Background and Objectives: Erlotinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), is an established therapy for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) harboring epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. Preclinical and clinical evidence suggests that chronic stress, mediated through beta-adrenergic signaling, promotes tumor progression, angiogenesis, and therapy resistance. Furthermore, interactions between beta-adrenergic signaling and EGFR pathways have been hypothesized to negatively influence treatment responses. Based on this rationale, we investigated whether concomitant beta-blocker use may improve survival outcomes in EGFR-mutant NSCLC patients treated with erlotinib. Materials and Methods: This retrospective analysis included 103 patients with metastatic EGFR-mutant NSCLC who received erlotinib. Patients were classified according to concurrent beta-blocker use, defined as continuous therapy for at least six months prior to erlotinib initiation, prescribed for cardiovascular indications. Progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) were compared between beta-blocker users and non-users. Results: Patients receiving erlotinib with concomitant beta-blocker therapy achieved a median PFS (mPFS) of 21.4 months (95% CI, 13.1-29.7), compared with 9.7 months (95% CI, 6.7-12.7) in non-users (p = 0.003). Median OS (mOS) was 32.4 months (95% CI, 14.8-50.0) in the beta-blocker group versus 19.9 months (95% CI, 14.8-25.0) in the non-beta-blocker group (p = 0.010). Multivariate Cox regression confirmed beta-blocker use as an independent prognostic factor for both PFS (p = 0.004) and OS (p = 0.014). Conclusions: Concomitant beta-blocker use was associated with significantly prolonged survival in patients with EGFR-mutant metastatic NSCLC receiving erlotinib. These findings support the hypothesis that beta-adrenergic inhibition enhances the efficacy of EGFR-targeted therapy. Prospective studies are warranted to validate these results and to further elucidate the underlying biological mechanisms.
Polymerase I and transcript release factor (PTRF)/Cavin1 regulates RNA polymerase I during transcription and plays a critical role in endocytosis. Abnormal expressions of PTRF were detected in multiple cancers according to increasing research. PTRF has been showed to involve in the formation and secretion of exosomes and can be detected in the exosomes, which suggests that PTRF would be a potential biomarker for diagnosis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) using urine samples. Approximately 50-90% of ccRCC cases suffered abnormal epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which activates a variety of signaling pathways, including the mitogen-activated protein kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase and Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase/Akt pathway. According to bioinformatic analysis of gene expression arrays of kidney clear cell carcinoma from The Cancer Genome Atlas, we found SHC1 was significantly overexpressed in high-grade ccRCC and correlated to poor prognosis, and also SHC1 was annotated in extracellular matrix process, which was regulated by EGFR. Further studies showed that the expression of PTRF was regulated by SHC1 through EGFR-Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase/Akt pathway. PTRF was detected in the exosomes isolated from ccRCC patients' urine and ccRCC cancer cells culture medium. It suggested that the abnormal SHC1-increased PTRF, which is detected in exosomes from urine, would be a potential marker for ccRCC diagnose and treatment.
The knowledge that steroids play a pivotal role in the development of breast cancer has been exploited clinically by the development of endocrine treatments. These have sought to perturb the steroid hormone environment of the tumour cells, predominately by withdrawal or antagonism of oestrogen. Unfortunately, the beneficial actions of existing endocrine treatments are attenuated by the ability of tumours to circumvent the need for steroid hormones, whilst in most cases, retaining the nuclear steroid receptors. The mechanisms involved in resistance to estrogen deprivation are of major clinical relevance for optimal treatment of breast cancer patients and the development of new therapeutic regimes. We have shown that long-term culture of MCF7 cells in medium depleted of oestrogen (LTED) results in hypersensitivity to oestradiol (E2) coinciding with elevated levels of both ERalpha phosphorylated on Ser(118) and ERK1/ERK2. Our data suggest elevated ERK1/ERK2 activity results wholly or in part from enhanced ERBB2 expression in the LTED cells. These cells showed greater sensitivity to the tyrosine kinase inhibitor ZD1839 in both ERalpha-mediated transcription and growth assays compared with the wt-MCF7. Similarly the MEK inhibitor U0126 decreased basal ERalpha-mediated transcription and proliferation in the LTED cells by 50% and reduced their sensitivity to the proliferative effects of E2 10-fold, whilst having no effect on the wild type (wt). However, complete suppression of ERK1/ERK2 activity in the LTED cells did not inhibit ERalpha Ser(118) phosphorylation suggesting that the cells remained ligand-dependent. This was further confirmed by the increased sensitivity of the LTED cells to the growth suppressive effects of ICI 182,780 and suggested that the LTED cells remained wholly or partially dependent on oestrogen receptor (ER)/oestrogen responsive elements directed growth. These findings suggest that treatments targeted at growth factor signalling pathways may be useful in patients acquiring resistance to oestrogen deprivation with aromatase inhibitors and that the pure anti-oestrogen ICI 182,780 may also be effective by blocking or destabilizing ER and hence disrupting cross-talk.
BACKGROUND: The role of continuing anti-HER2 therapy beyond progression on front-line therapy in patients with metastatic HER2 positive gastro-oesophageal cancer (GEC) is unclear. Continued chemotherapy plus trastuzumab (CT) has never been compared with the current standard second-line treatment, chemotherapy plus ramucirumab (CR). METHODS: The Flatiron Health electronic health record derived database, a nationwide database comprising patient-level structured and unstructured data, curated via technology-enabled abstraction, was reviewed for patients with metastatic HER2 positive GEC who received first-line CT, followed by second-line CT or CR. Survival from second-line therapy (SST) and time to next therapy or death (TTNTD) were compared using Kaplan-Meier curves and logrank analysis. RESULTS: 133 patients with metastatic HER2 positive GEC who received first-line CT were identified. 32 received second-line CR and 101 received CT. Median SST for patients treated with CT versus CR was 10.2 months (IQR 5.1-20.8) and 6.8 months (IQR 2.4-20.2), respectively (p=0.29). Median TTNTD for second-line CT versus CR was 4.9 months (IQR 2.8-9.8) and 5.1 months (IQR 2.3-7.5), respectively (p=0.65). Patients who received second-line CT were more likely to receive a multiagent chemotherapy backbone (76% vs 3%, p</=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This analysis showed no significant difference in SST for patients treated with second-line CT versus CR. Further studies are needed to clarify the role of trastuzumab in the second line, especially in patients with confirmed retention of HER2 positivity following progression.
BACKGROUND: Emergence of the T790M point mutation in exon 20 of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is the most common mechanism of resistance to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs). The aim of this study was to investigate the association between T790M mutation status and the progression patterns during EGFR-TKI treatment. METHODS: We reviewed 181 patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer harboring EGFR mutation, who were evaluated for T790M mutation status after initial EGFR-TKI failure (gefitinib, erlotinib, or afatinib). We retrospectively investigated the patient characteristics, initial EGFR-TKI response, T790M mutation status, subsequent treatment after initial EGFR-TKIs, timing of re-biopsy, and progression patterns during the EGFR-TKI treatment. RESULTS: After the resistance to the EGFR-TKIs, the T790M mutation was identified in 87 (48%) of 181 patients. Seventy-three (40%) patients had solitary lesion progression, and 108 (60%) had multiple lesion progression during the initial EGFR-TKI treatment. The prevalence of the T790M mutation was significantly greater in patients with solitary lesion progression than those with multiple lesion progression (58% vs. 24%; P < .0001). The overall response rate and progression-free survival on initial EGFR-TKIs were significantly better in patients who acquired T790M after failure of EGFR-TKIs than those without T790M (overall response rate, 80% vs. 60%; P = .0033 and progression-free survival, 11.4 vs. 9.3 months; P = .0050). The multivariate analysis showed that gender, initial EGFR-TKI response, and progression patterns were significantly associated with T790M mutation status. DISCUSSION: The progression patterns during initial EGFR-TKIs and initial EGFR-TKI response are associated with the T790M mutation.
BACKGROUND: The status of the EGFR and HER2-neu genes has not been fully defined in ovarian cancer. An integrated analysis of both genes could help define the proportion of patients that would potentially benefit from targeted therapies. METHODS: We determined the tumour mutation status of the entire tyrosine kinase (TK) domain of the EGFR and HER2-neu genes in a cohort of 52 patients with invasive epithelial ovarian cancer as well as the gene copy number and protein expression of both genes in 31 of these patients by DGGE and direct sequecing, immunohistochemistry and Fluorescent in Situ Hybridisation (FISH). RESULTS: The EGFR was expressed in 59% of the cases, with a 2+/3+ staining intensity in 38%. HER2-neu expression was found in 35%, with a 2/3+ staining in 18%. No mutations were found in exons 18-24 of the TK domains of EGFR and HER2-neu. High polysomy of the EGFR gene was observed in 13% of the invasive epthelial cancers and amplification of the HER2-neu gene was found in 10% and correlated with a high expression level by immunohistochemistry.Mutations within the tyrosine kinase domain were not found in the entire TK domain of both genes, but have been found in very rare cases by others. CONCLUSION: Genomic alteration of the HER2-neu and EGFR genes is frequent (25%) in ovarian cancer. EGFR/HER2-neu targeted therapies should be investigated prospectively and specifically in that subset of patients.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most frequently diagnosed malignancy and the first cause of cancer-related death. Thus, finding alternative therapeutic options is crucial. Drug repurposing offers therapeutic options in a simplified and affordable manner, especially to cancer patients in developing countries. Several drugs including antihistamines and beta-adrenergic receptor blockers (beta-blockers) display antiproliferative properties on cancer cells. Interestingly, NSCLC patients who had used either antihistamines or beta-blockers showed improved response to chemotherapy or reduced mortality in comparison to non-users of any of these drugs. However, combination therapy is gaining substantial interest in many cancers including non-EGFR mutated NSCLC. Here, we investigated the antineoplastic effect of the combination of the antihistamine loratadine, the beta-blocker nebivolol, and the tyrosine-kinase inhibitor gefitinib on NSCLC cell lines. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A-549 and NCI-H1975 cell lines were used. The effect of nebivolol, gefitinib, and loratadine on the metabolic activity was studied using the MTT assay. The inhibitory concentrations (IC(20) and IC(50)) were calculated and used in the drug-combination experiments. Apoptosis was investigated using flow cytometry; and cell survival using the colony formation assay. RESULTS: The combination nebivolol-loratadine-gefitinib produced a significant synergistic effect on inhibiting the metabolic activity and colony formation, as well as on promoting apoptosis in both cell lines. Noteworthy, the effect on the cell line carrying the EGFR mutation (NCI-H1975) was very similar to the cell line that does not exhibit such mutation (A-549 cells). CONCLUSION: The nebivolol-gefitinib-loratadine combination may be a promising alternative for lung cancer treatment.
Biomarkers of cancer can indicate the presence of disease and serve as therapeutic targets. Our goal is to develop an optical imaging approach using molecularly targeted contrast agents to assess several centimeters of mucosal surface for mapping expression of multiple biomarkers simultaneously with high spatial resolution. The ability to image biomarker expression level and heterogeneity in vivo would be extremely useful for clinical cancer research, patient selection of personalized medicine, and monitoring therapy. In this proof-of-concept ex vivo study, we examined correlation of neoplasia with two clinically relevant biomarkers: epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and metabolic activity. Two hundred eighty-six unique locations in nine samples of freshly resected oral mucosa were imaged after topically applying optical imaging agents EGF-Alexa 647 (to target EGFR) and 2-(N-(7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl)amino)-2-deoxyglucose (to target metabolic activity). Quantitative features were calculated from resulting fluorescence images and compared with tissue histopathology maps. The EGF-Alexa 647 signal correlated well with EGFR expression as indicated by immunohistochemistry. A classification algorithm for presence of neoplasia based on the signal from both contrast agents resulted in an area under the curve of 0.83. Regions with a posterior probability from 0.80 to 1.00 contained more than 50% neoplasia 99% (84/85) of the time. This study demonstrates a proof-of-concept of how noninvasive optical imaging can be used as a tool to study expression levels of multiple biomarkers and their heterogeneity across a large mucosal surface and how biomarker characteristics correlate with presence of neoplasia. Applications of this approach include predicting regions with the highest likelihood of disease, elucidating the role of biomarker heterogeneity in cancer biology, and identifying patients who will respond to targeted therapy.
Trastuzumab has been successfully used as a first-line therapy specific for HER2-overexressing breast cancer patients. However, despite the effectiveness of trastuzumab, the occurrence of inherent and acquired resistance remains as the main challenge of the therapy. Thus, this has motivated efforts toward finding new therapeutic strategies including combining trastuzumab with other drugs to enhance its therapeutic efficacy. In that line, we investigated the capability of mycophenolic acid (MPA), an inhibitor of de novo guanine nucleotide synthesis with potential anti-cancer activity, on improving the response to trastuzumab among SKBR3 cells as well as trastuzumab resistant SKBR3-TR cells. Our data indicated that irrespective to trastuzumab sensitivity of cells, MPA effectively inhibited cell growth through inducing adipocyte-like cell differentiation as well as blocking cell cycle progression at G(1) phase along with augmentation of p27(kip) expression level. Furthermore, combined treatment with trastuzumab and MPA was more potent in cell growth inhibition, cell cycle arrest and apoptosis induction, as evident by flow cytometric analyses and caspase-3 production, in both trastuzumab sensitive and resistant SKBR3 cells. Besides, western blot analysis showed that elevated apoptosis induction in both cell groups was associated with attenuation in phosphorylation of some key elements of HER2 signaling pathway including AKT, ERK, STAT3 and consequently augmentation in FOXO1 expression level in response to combination of trastuzumab and MPA. These data suggest that manipulation of intracellular GTP level by MPA and consequent molecular perturbation in some of the cell survival and pro-apoptotic relevant signaling pathways might provide an alternative clinical strategy for chemosensitization of resistant breast cancer cells to anti- HER2 therapy.
The study investigates titanium and zinc nanoparticles as inhibitors for the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2), pivotal regulators of cell processes. VEGFR-2 activation fuels tumor angiogenesis in cancer cells, sustaining malignant tissue expansion. Molecular docking analysis illustrates the nanoparticles' binding to the active sites, inhibiting the phosphorylation of key proteins in downstream signaling. This inhibition offers a promising therapeutic approach to impede cancer-related signaling, potentially slowing down aberrant protein cascades controlled by EGFR and VEGFR-2. The findings propose a novel avenue for cancer treatment, targeting abnormal growth pathways using titanium and zinc nanoparticles.
PURPOSE: Asian-American women have equal or better breast cancer survival rates than non-Hispanic white women, but many studies use the aggregate term "Asian/Pacific Islander" (API) or consider breast cancer as a single disease. The purpose of this study was to assess the risk of mortality in seven subgroups of Asian-Americans expressing the estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR), or human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) tumor marker subtypes and determine whether the risk of mortality for the aggregate API category is reflective of the risk in all Asian ethnicities. METHODS: The study included data for 110,120 Asian and white women with stage 1 to 4 first primary invasive breast cancer from the California Cancer Registry. The Asian ethnicities identified were Pacific Islander, Southeast Asian (SEA), Indian Subcontinent, Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean. A Cox regression analysis was used to compute the risk of breast cancer-specific mortality in seven Asian ethnicities and the combined API category versus white women within each of the ER/PR/HER2 subtypes. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were computed. RESULTS: For the ER+/PR+/HER2- subtype, the combined API category showed a 17% (HR, 0.83; 95% CI, 0.76-0.91) lower mortality risk. This was true only for SEA (HR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.61-0.91) and Japanese women (HR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.45-0.81). In the ER+/PR-/HER2- subtype, SEA (HR, 0.57; 95% CI, 0.38-0.84) and Filipino women (HR, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.51-0.97) had a lower risk of mortality. Japanese (HR, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.25-0.99) and Filipino women (HR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.58-0.94) had a lower HR for the ER-/PR-/HER2+ subtype. For triple-positive, ER+/PR+/HER2+ (HR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.71-0.98) and triple-negative, ER-/PR-/HER2- (HR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.74-0.94) subtypes, only the API category showed a lower risk of mortality. CONCLUSION: Breast cancer-specific mortality among Asian-American women varies according to their specific Asian ethnicity and breast cancer subtype.
Twist1, a basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor, promotes breast tumor cell epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), invasiveness, and metastasis. However, the mechanisms responsible for regulating Twist1 stability are unknown in these cells. We identified the serine 68 (Ser 68) as a major phosphorylation site of Twist1 by mass spectrometry and with specific antibodies. This Ser 68 is phosphorylated by p38, c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK), and extracellular signal-regulated kinases1/2 in vitro, and its phosphorylation levels positively correlate with Twist1 protein levels in human embryonic kidney 293 and breast cancer cells. Prevention of Ser 68 phosphorylation by an alanine (A) mutation (Ser 68A) dramatically accelerates Twist1 ubiquitination and degradation. Furthermore, activation of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) by an active Ras protein or TGF-beta treatment significantly increases Ser 68 phosphorylation and Twist1 protein levels without altering Twist1 mRNA expression, whereas blocking of MAPK activities by either specific inhibitors or dominant negative inhibitory mutants effectively reduces the levels of both induced and uninduced Ser 68 phosphorylation and Twist protein. Accordingly, the mammary epithelial cells expressing Twist1 exhibit much higher degrees of EMT and invasiveness on stimulation with TGF-beta or the active Ras and paclitaxel resistance compared with the same cells expressing the Ser 68A-Twist1 mutant. Importantly, the levels of Ser 68 phosphorylation in the invasive human breast ductal carcinomas positively correlate with the levels of Twist1 protein and JNK activity and are significantly higher in progesterone receptor-negative and HER2-positive breast cancers. These findings suggest that activation of MAPKs by tyrosine kinase receptors and Ras signaling pathways may substantially promote breast tumor cell EMT and metastasis via phoshorylation and stabilization of Twist1.
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this retrospective, population-based, cohort study was to identify patient and tumor characteristics that are associated with a high risk of tumor-positive margins after breast-conserving surgery (BCS) to optimize preoperative counseling. METHODS: All patients with invasive breast cancer (IBC) reported according to the synoptic reporting module in the Dutch Pathology Registry between 2009 and 2015 were included (n = 42.048 cases). Data extraction included age, type of surgery, several tumor characteristics, and resection margin status according to the Dutch indications for re-excision (free, focally positive, or more than focally positive). Univariate and multivariate tests were used to determine the association between clinicopathological features and margin status, restricted to patients with BCS. RESULTS: Of 42,048 cases, a total of 25,315 cases (60.2 %) with IBC underwent BCS. Of these patients, 2578 patients (10.2 %) had focally positive resection margins and 1665 (6.6 %) had more than focally positive resection margins. By univariate analysis, the following features were significantly associated with involved margins: age < 60 years, multifocality, lobular subtype, tumor size >2 cm, intermediate- and high-grade, positive ER status, positive Her2 status, angio-invasion, and the presence/extent of a ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) component. In multivariate logistic regression, the variables with the strongest association with involved margins (OR > 2) were multifocality, lobular subtype, large tumor size, and the presence of DCIS. CONCLUSIONS: Several clinicopathologic features are associated with involved resection margins after BCS for IBC. Assessment of these features preoperatively could be used to optimize preoperative counseling.
BYL719, which selectively inhibits the alpha isoform of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) catalytic subunit (p110a), is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of solid tumors, especially luminal breast cancers with PIK3CA mutations and/or HER2 amplification. This study reveals that, even among these sensitive cancers, the initial efficacy of p110alpha inhibition is mitigated by rapid re-accumulation of the PI3K product PIP3 produced by the p110beta isoform. Importantly, the reactivation of PI3K mediated by p110beta does not invariably restore AKT phosphorylation, demonstrating the limitations of using phospho-AKT as a surrogate to measure PI3K activation. Consistently, we show that the addition of the p110beta inhibitor to BYL719 prevents the PIP3 rebound and induces greater antitumor efficacy in HER2-amplified and PIK3CA mutant cancers.
We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the role of gastric acid suppressant use on outcomes of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) and oral chemotherapy. We identified all research evaluating the effect of GAS (gastric acid suppressants) use on patients receiving oral chemotherapy or TKIs for solid tumors. The pooled hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence interval (95%CI) for overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were calculated with a fixed-effects or a random effects model. The study population included n = 16 retrospective studies and 372,418 patients. The series concerned gastrointestinal tract tumors (n = 5 studies), renal cell carcinomas (RCC, n = 3 studies), non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLC, n = 5 studies), and soft tissue sarcomas or mixed histologies solid tumors in n = 3 studies. The pooled HRs for OS and PFS were 1.31 (95%CI: 1.20-1.43; p < 0.01) and 1.3 (95%CI 1.07-1.57; p < 0.01) for GAS and no GAS users, respectively. Only studies of EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor) mutated NSCLC patients receiving TKIs and those with colorectal cancer receiving oral chemotherapy showed a significant correlation between GAS and poor survival. Our study supports the evidence of a possible negative impact of concomitant GAS therapy on survival outcomes of patients receiving oral anti-cancer drugs.
Patients with HER2-positive gastric cancer (GC) can benefit from the addition of trastuzumab. However, not all patients with HER2-positive GC respond to trastuzumab. Biomarkers affecting its efficacy in patients with advanced gastric cancer (AGC) are largely unknown. Therefore, classifying GC into molecularly distinct subtypes to accurately distinguish between GC patients who would and would not benefit from trastuzumab is worthwhile. Tumor mutation burden (TMB) is a notable feature in GC and whether TMB influences trastuzumab efficacy is still unknown. Herein, we report the case of a 61-year-old man who was diagnosed with metastatic HER2-positive gastric adenocarcinoma that had spread to the liver (T4aN0M1, stage IV). Esophagogastroduodenoscopy revealed a circular ulcer in the posterior wall of the stomach. A computed tomography (CT) scan revealed a 2-cm diameter liver metastasis. Immunohistochemical analysis of the endoscopic biopsy tumor revealed 3+ positive expression for HER2. Whole-exome sequencing (WES) of the tumor tissue revealed 3,736 somatic mutations in 2,423 genes and a very high TMB of 50.3 mutations/Mb. Immunohistochemistry revealed that the patient had mismatch repair-proficient (pMMR) GC. The patient received first-line trastuzumab-containing chemotherapy, and after 2 courses of sequential metronomic trastuzumab-containing chemotherapy, restaging CT showed that the liver metastasis had disappeared. Following resection, the patient had no recurrence and no new tumor metastasis after a follow-up of period nearly 7 years. This study is the first to report that pMMR GC with a high TMB has a favorable response to trastuzumab. The combination of HER2 positivity and a high TMB may be sufficiently predictive of sensitivity to trastuzumab in AGC.
BACKGROUND: The phase II neo-adjuvant clinical trial ICORG10-05 (NCT01485926) compared chemotherapy in combination with trastuzumab, lapatinib or both in patients with HER2+ breast cancer. We studied circulating immune cells looking for alterations in phenotype, genotype and cytotoxic capacity (direct and antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC)) in the context of treatment response. METHODS: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated from pre- (n = 41) and post- (n = 25) neo-adjuvant treatment blood samples. Direct/trastuzumab-ADCC cytotoxicity of patient-derived PBMCs against K562/SKBR3 cell lines was determined ex vivo. Pembrolizumab was interrogated in 21 pre-treatment PBMC ADCC assays. Thirty-nine pre-treatment and 21 post-treatment PBMC samples were immunophenotyped. Fc receptor genotype, tumour infiltrating lymphocyte (TIL) levels and oestrogen receptor (ER) status were quantified. RESULTS: Treatment attenuated the cytotoxicity/ADCC of PBMCs. CD3+/CD4+/CD8+ T cells increased following therapy, while CD56+ NK cells/CD14+ monocytes/CD19+ B cells decreased with significant post-treatment immune cell changes confined to patients with residual disease. Pembrolizumab-augmented ex vivo PBMC ADCC activity was associated with residual disease, but not pathological complete response. Pembrolizumab-responsive PBMCs were associated with lower baseline TIL levels and ER+ tumours. CONCLUSIONS: PBMCs display altered phenotype and function following completion of neo-adjuvant treatment. Anti-PD-1-responsive PBMCs in ex vivo ADCC assays may be a biomarker of treatment response.
Significant progress has been made in the treatment of stage iv non-small-cell lung cancer (nsclc); however, the prognosis of patients with brain metastases remains poor. Resection and radiation therapy remain standard options. This issue is an important one because 10% of patients with nsclc have brain metastases at diagnosis, and 25%-40% develop brain metastases during their disease. Standard chemotherapy does not cross the blood-brain barrier. However, there is new hope that tyrosine kinase inhibitors (tkis) used in patients with identified targetable mutations such as mutations of EGFR and rearrangements of ALK could have activity in the central nervous system (cns). Furthermore, immunotherapy is increasingly becoming a standard option for patients with nsclc, and interest about the intracranial activity of those agents is growing. This review presents current data about the cns activity of the available major tkis and immunotherapy agents.
Brightly fluorescent semiconducting polymer dots (Pdots) are emerging as very useful probes for bioanalysis and imaging. Unfortunately, Pdot materials often suffer from limitations such as poor colloidal and physical stability, nonspecific adsorption, and relatively few reported surface chemistries and bioconjugate chemistries. To help address these limitations, we have developed dextran-functionalized Pdots (Dex-Pdots). This functionalization improves particle stability over a range of pH and at high ionic strength, hinders surface-induced unfolding, and enables the preparation of immunoconjugates via tetrameric antibody complexes (TAC). The utility of TAC-conjugated Dex-Pdots is demonstrated through a proof-of-concept fluorescence-linked immunosorbent assay (FLISA) for human erythropoietin (EPO), and through immunolabeling of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive SK-BR3 breast cancer cells. The conjugates exhibited less nonspecific binding and greater specific binding than Pdots without dextran functionalization. Overall, dextran functionalization is a highly promising surface chemistry for biological applications of Pdots.
PURPOSE: A nurse navigator (NN) pilot project for patients with lung cancer was implemented in British Columbia, a publicly funded health-care system. The purpose was to improve referral practices, timelines, and availability of molecular testing for patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). METHODS: Patients with stage IIIB/IV NSCLC referred to the BC Cancer Agency, Vancouver, in 2011 and 2014, pre- and post-implementation of an NN, were included. Referral patterns, systemic therapy, radiotherapy (XRT) timelines, and molecular testing practices were compared. RESULTS: The study included 408 patients: 212 in 2011 and 196 in 2014. Medical oncology (MO) end points comparing 2011 data with 2014 findings revealed that referral rates remained stable, and the proportion of patients who received systemic therapy increased from 57% to 69% (P = .05). Time from referral to MO consult was 18 days in 2011 versus 15.5 days in 2014 (P = .11); referral to systemic treatment was reduced from 48 to 38 days (P = .016). Comparison of molecular testing showed time between referral and the epidermal growth factor (EGFR) result was reduced from 34 days in 2011 to 20 days in 2014 (P < .001); rates of testing increased from 62% to 91%, respectively (P < .001); and EGFR mutation-positive rates were 19% versus 26%, respectively (P = .26). The radiation oncology (RO) end point results were as follows: 87% of patients were referred for RO consults in 2011 versus 80% in 2014 (P = .05), and the same proportion of patients received XRT (91% v 87%, respectively). Time from referral to RO consult decreased from 10 days in 2011 to 8 days in 2014 (P = .005); and referral to XRT in 2011 and 2014 was 18 days versus 11.5 days, respectively (P < .001). CONCLUSION: Implementation of an NN was associated with reduced wait times and increased molecular testing, improving appropriate delivery of first-line targeted therapy. NN involvement facilitates correct allocation of physician and clinical resources.
A chip format sandwich-type immunoassay based on Nanobodies((R)) (Nbs) with the Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (HER2) extracellular domain as antigen model has been developed. The HER2 is considered as an important biomarker because its overexpression causes an aggressive type of breast cancer. Nbs are single domain antigen-binding fragments derived from camelid heavy-chain antibodies. The strategy of the presently developed sandwich immunoassay takes advantage of the small size of Nbs for the detection of the electroactive redox tracer onto the screen printed electrode (SPE). A capture anti HER2 Nb was covalently immobilized onto the SPE, and the detection Nb, raised against another epitope of HER2, was labeled with horseradish peroxidase (HRP). The biosensor signal corresponded to the electroreduction of para-quinone generated at the SPE by the HRP in the presence of hydroquinone and hydrogen peroxide. The best performing and optimized immunoassay conditions consisted of 2 and 20 min for the first and the second incubation times, respectively. The amperometric signal obtained was proportional to the logarithm of HER2 concentration between 1 and 200 microg/mL and the modified SPE storage stability lasted for at least three weeks. Determination of HER2 in human cells has been realized.
Cell signaling pathways that control proliferation and determine cell fates are tightly regulated to prevent developmental anomalies and cancer. Transcription factors and coregulators are important effectors of signaling pathway output, as they regulate downstream gene programs. In Caenorhabditis elegans, several subunits of the Mediator transcriptional coregulator complex promote or inhibit vulva development, but pertinent mechanisms are poorly defined. Here, we show that Mediator's dissociable cyclin dependent kinase 8 (CDK8) module (CKM), consisting of cdk-8, cic-1/Cyclin C, mdt-12/dpy-22, and mdt-13/let-19, is required to inhibit ectopic vulval cell fates downstream of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-Ras-extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) pathway. cdk-8 inhibits ectopic vulva formation by acting downstream of mpk-1/ERK, cell autonomously in vulval cells, and in a kinase-dependent manner. We also provide evidence that the CKM acts as a corepressor for the Ets-family transcription factor LIN-1, as cdk-8 promotes transcriptional repression by LIN-1. In addition, we find that CKM mutation alters Mediator subunit requirements in vulva development: the mdt-23/sur-2 subunit, which is required for vulva development in wild-type worms, is dispensable for ectopic vulva formation in CKM mutants, which instead display hallmarks of unrestrained Mediator tail module activity. We propose a model whereby the CKM controls EGFR-Ras-ERK transcriptional output by corepressing LIN-1 and by fine tuning Mediator specificity, thus balancing transcriptional repression vs. activation in a critical developmental signaling pathway. Collectively, these data offer an explanation for CKM repression of EGFR signaling output and ectopic vulva formation and provide the first evidence of Mediator CKM-tail module subunit crosstalk in animals.
Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCC) are one of the leading causes of cancer deaths world wide. Up-regulation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and BCL-2 family anti-apoptosis proteins in these cancers is linked to aggressive tumor growth, metastasis and chemoresistance. Infection of two HNSCC cell lines, SCC25 and CAL27 by an Ad5 mutant (lp11w) defective in coding for the viral anti-apoptosis protein, E1B-19K efficiently induced apoptotic cell death. In cells infected with lp11w there was a dramatic down-regulation of EGFR by apoptosis-dependent and -independent mechanisms. The levels of the anti-apoptotic proteins BCL-2, BCL-xL and MCL-1 were also down-regulated in lp11w-infected cells compared to uninfected or Ad5-RM infected cells. Infection with lp11w also enhanced sensitivity of the HNSCC cells to the chemotherapeutic drug cisplatin. Our results suggest that adenoviral vectors defective in E1B-19K would be valuable for efficient down-regulation of cell survival proteins and EGFR in epithelial cancers and could be exploited as oncolytic agents to treat HNSCCs.
Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy shows promise in treating malignant tumors. However, the use of human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) CAR-T cells carries the risk of severe toxicity, including cytokine release syndrome, due to their "on-target off-tumor" recognition of HER2. Enhancing the quality and functionality of HER2 CARs could greatly improve the therapeutic potential of CAR-T cells. In this study, we developed a novel anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody, Ab8, which targets domain III of HER2, distinct from the domain IV recognition of trastuzumab. Although two anti-HER2 mAbs induced similar levels of antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity, trastuzumab-based CAR-T cells exhibited potent antitumor activity against HER2-positive cancer cells. In conclusion, our findings provide scientific evidence that antibody recognition of the membrane-proximal domain promotes the anti-tumor response of HER2-specific CAR-T cells.
Esophageal cancer is one of the most aggressive malignancies of the upper aerodigestive tract. Despite advances in surgical techniques and multi-modality therapies, the 5-year survival rate remains poor (14%). Over the past decade, efforts have been focused on the field of drug development with the advancement of novel molecularly targeted therapeutic agents. These agents target a variety of cancer relevant pathways such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) or its receptor, the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathways. The number of approved targeted agents remains few, with HER-2 inhibitors leading the list for treatment of HER-2 expressing metastatic adenocarcinomas. Novel agents have not yet been widely explored in esophageal cancer. In this review, we will provide a concise and systematic overview of the development of novel targeted therapies currently under investigation for the treatment of metastatic esophageal disease.
PURPOSE: Aberrant activation of EGFR is a hallmark of glioblastoma. However, EGFR inhibitors exhibit at best modest efficacy in glioblastoma. This is in sharp contrast with the observations in EGFR-mutant lung cancer. We examined whether activation of functionally redundant receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) conferred resistance to EGFR inhibitors in glioblastoma. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: We collected a panel of patient-derived glioblastoma xenograft (PDX) lines that maintained expression of wild-type or mutant EGFR in serial xenotransplantation and tissue cultures. Using this physiologically relevant platform, we tested the abilities of several RTK ligands to protect glioblastoma cells against an EGFR inhibitor, gefitinib. Based on the screening results, we further developed a combination therapy cotargeting EGFR and insulin receptor (InsR)/insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R). RESULTS: Insulin and IGF1 induced significant protection against gefitinib in the majority of EGFR-dependent PDX lines with one exception that did not express InsR or IGF1R. Blockade of the InsR/IGF1R pathway synergistically improved sensitivity to gefitinib or dacomitinib. Gefitinib alone effectively attenuated EGFR activities and the downstream MEK/ERK pathway. However, repression of AKT and induction of apoptosis required concurrent inhibition of both EGFR and InsR/IGF1R. A combination of gefitinib and OSI-906, a dual InsR/IGF1R inhibitor, was more effective than either agent alone to treat subcutaneous glioblastoma xenograft tumors. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that activation of the InsR/IGF1R pathway confers resistance to EGFR inhibitors in EGFR-dependent glioblastoma through AKT regulation. Concurrent blockade of these two pathways holds promise to treat EGFR-dependent glioblastoma.
BACKGROUND: Salivary ductal carcinoma (SDC) is a high-grade malignancy, and molecular studies show frequent overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). We reviewed our experience with molecular-targeted therapy using trastuzumab for patients with HER2-positive SDC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The records of all patients treated with trastuzumab for HER2-tested SDC at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center between 1997 and 2011 were reviewed. RESULTS: Thirteen patients with SDC overexpressing HER2 were treated with trastuzumab as a single agent or in combination with chemotherapy. Ten of these had 3+ immunohistochemistry or HER2 gene amplification by fluorescence in situ hybridization. Patients underwent therapy in the surgical adjuvant setting (n=2), as a component of combined therapy for advanced disease (n=8), or as single therapy near end of life (n=3). Treatment efficacy via radiographic review for response could not be assessed. CONCLUSION: Trastuzumab should undergo prospective therapeutic clinical trials, in SDC which will likely require international cooperation.
Rrp1B (ribosomal RNA processing1 homolog B) is a novel candidate metastasis modifier gene in breast cancer. Functional gene assays demonstrated that a physical and functional interaction existing between Rrp1b and metastasis modifier gene SIPA1 causes reduction in the tumor growth and metastatic potential. Ectopic expression of Rrp1B modulates various metastasis predictive extra cellular matrix (ECM) genes associated with tumor suppression. The aim of this study is to determine the functional significance of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in human Rrp1B gene (1307 T>C; rs9306160) with breast cancer development and progression. The study consists of 493 breast cancer cases recruited from Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences, Hyderabad, and 558 age-matched healthy female controls from rural and urban areas. Genomic DNA was isolated by non-enzymatic method. Genotyping was done by amplification refractory mutation system (ARMS-PCR) method. Genotypes were reconfirmed by sequencing and results were analyzed statistically. We have performed Insilco analysis to know the RNA secondary structure by using online tool m fold. The TT genotype and T allele frequencies of Rrp1B1307 T>C polymorphism were significantly elevated in breast cancer (chi (2); p = <0.008) cases compared to controls under different genetic models. The presence of T allele had conferred 1.75-fold risk for breast cancer development (OR = 1.75; 95% CI = 1.15-2.67). The frequency of TT genotype of Rrp1b 1307T>C polymorphism was significantly elevated in obese patients (chi (2); p = 0.008) and patients with advanced disease (chi (2); p = 0.01) and with increased tumor size (chi (2); p = 0.01). Moreover, elevated frequency of T allele was also associated with positive lymph node status (chi (2); p = 0.04) and Her2 negative receptor status (chi (2); p = 0.006). Presence of Rrp1b1307TT genotype and T allele confer strong risk for breast cancer development and progression.
Lung cancer represents the most common cause of cancer related death. Patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and liver metastases (LM) have worse prognosis with an overall survival (OS) of three to six months. The aim of this study was to investigate long-term outcomes in patients with EGFR mutated (EGFRmut) lung adenocarcinoma as well as the presence of LM. (A total of 105 patients were included in the analysis). They were divided into two groups based on the presence of LM. OS was 13 months for the whole group and also 13 months for patients with and without LM. The 9-year survival rate for patients with and without LM was 12.5% and 3.4%, respectively. Further, the 9-year survival rate for the whole group of patients was 4.8%. There are few data about survival rates beyond 5 years for patients with locally advanced and metastatic EGFRmut NSCLC, mainly because patients with lung cancer rarely live for such a long time. Regarding patients with liver metastases, the results of our study showed similar outcomes compared to patients without LM. As these patients represent a significant number of patients, we need a wider range of therapeutic options. It might be that combination therapies represent a better therapeutic option.
PURPOSE: On the basis of synergistic effects between green tea polyphenon E (PPE) and EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor in preclinical studies, we conducted a phase Ib study of the PPE and erlotinib combination in patients with advanced premalignant lesions (APL) of the oral cavity and larynx. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients were treated with a fixed dose of PPE (200 mg three times a day) and dose escalation of erlotinib (50, 75, 100 mg daily) for 6 months with tissue biopsy at baseline and 6 months. Primary endpoints were safety and toxicity; secondary endpoints were evaluation of pathologic response, cancer-free survival (CFS), overall survival (OS), and biomarker modulation. RESULTS: Among 21 enrolled patients, 19 began treatment and 17 completed 6 months of treatment with PPE and erlotinib. Main characteristics of treated patients: 15 severe dysplasia or carcinoma in situ and 17 oral cavity. Only skin rash was associated with dose-limiting toxicity and MTD. Recommended doses for phase II studies are PPE 600 mg daily plus erlotinib 100 mg daily for 6 months. Pathologic responses in 17 evaluable patients: pathologic complete response (47%) and pathologic partial response (18%). The 5-year CFS and OS were 66.3% and 93%, respectively. Among tested biomarkers, only phosphorylated ERK was correlated with response to treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with PPE and erlotinib combination was well tolerated in patients with APLs of the head and neck, and showed a high rate of pathologic response with excellent CFS. This combination deserves further investigation for the chemoprevention and/or prevention of second primary tumors in early-stage head and neck cancer.
BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors (EGFRIs) are used to treat certain cancers but frequently cause cutaneous inflammation that can hinder treatment. This is due in part to the effects of EGFRIs on pro-inflammatory signaling by interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma). However, the impact of EGFR ligands (i.e. EGF) on interferon signaling is unclear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of EGF on IFN-gamma transcriptional responses on a genome-wide scale in keratinocytes. METHODS: RNA-seq was performed in human keratinocyte (HaCaT) cells treated with IFN-gamma, EGF, both, or neither (control). Differentially expressed genes in each treatment group, relative to control, were identified using DESeq2 with a false discovery rate (FDR) threshold of 0.01. Associated biologic processes and gene pathways were examined in gene-set enrichment analyses. Correlations between gene expression were investigated in vivo using RNA-seq data from biopsies of psoriatic and matched normal skin, which were collected from 116 individuals with psoriasis enrolled in the AMAGINE randomized clinical trials. RESULTS: Of the 2,792 differentially expressed genes following IFN-gamma treatment, 2,083 (75%) were no longer differentially expressed when EGF was added. IFN-gamma-induced genes with significantly lower expression in the presence of EGF included CXCL10, IL-6, IL-1 A, HLA-DMA, and GBP5 (activator of the NLRP3 inflammasome); the top enriched biologic processes and pathways were related to MHC-class II antigen presentation (GO:0019886) and cytokine signaling (KEGG:04060). Consistent with our in vitro findings, the expression of CXCL10 and GBP5, as well as the combined expression z-scores of genes in the enriched MHC-class II and cytokine signaling pathways, were significantly lower in skin biopsies with higher EGF expression compared to those with lower EGF expression among individuals with psoriasis. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that the pro-inflammatory IFN-gamma-induced transcriptome may be globally attenuated by EGF in keratinocytes, supporting an immunomodulatory role of EGF in the skin. These studies provide insights for the non-canonical immunomodulatory role of EGF signaling and why blocking EGFR signaling (e.g., with EGFRIs) can cause cutaneous inflammation.
BACKGROUND: The current study was conducted to explore the relationship between icotinib hydrochloride exposure and therapeutic effects in Chinese patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who were treated with icotinib hydrochloride. METHODS: A total of 30 patients with NSCLC who were treated with icotinib hydrochloride were chosen from a single-center, open-label, phase 1 dose escalation clinical trial. Different doses of icotinib hydrochloride were administered orally for 28 consecutive days in different groups until disease progression or unacceptable toxicities occurred. Blood samples were collected during the first treatment cycle (day 1-28) for the pharmacokinetic analysis. Tumor responses were assessed according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST). The plasma concentrations of icotinib hydrochloride were assessed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Thirty patients with a median age of 56 years old (50% of whom were female) were enrolled. For single-dose treatment, the plasma pharmacokinetics demonstrated a median time to maximum concentration of 0.5 to 4 hours and a mean terminal elimination half-life of 6.21+/-3.44 hours at the 150-mg dose and 10.1+/-12.18 hours at the 200-mg dose. For multiple-dose treatment, the last measurable concentration (Clast ) was 708+/-368.67 ng/mL at the 150-mg every 12 hours, 782.73+/-618.18 ng/mL at the 200-mg every 12 hours, and 1162+/-658.44 ng/mL at the 125-mg every 8 hours; the under the concentration curve from time 0 to Clast was 14.5+/-2.43 hour*mg/mL, 13.2+/-2.5 hour*mg/mL, and 12.19+/-2.47 hour*mg/mL, respectively. At the dose of 150 mg every 12 hours, 1 patient with an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) exon 19 deletion achieved a complete response for 10 months; another patient who carried the EGFR exon 19 deletion achieved stable disease for 6 months. Univariate analysis demonstrated that the time to maximum plasma concentration (Tmax ) after a single dose of icotinib hydrochloride was significantly correlated with the overall survival (OS) (Spearman correlation coefficient, 0.441; P = .012). The disease control rate was correlated with Tmax after a single dose (Spearman correlation coefficient, 0.518; P = .011). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that the area under the concentration-time curve from 0 to last determination time and the area under the curve from 0 to infinite time after a single dose of icotinib hydrochloride were correlated with OS (P = .037 and .042, respectively). The Clast was found to affect progression-free survival (P = .016). Stratification of these patients according to smoking status indicated significant correlation between OS and the area under the concentration-time curve from 0 to last determination time (Spearman correlation coefficient, -0.709; P = .015). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with a longer Tmax and higher exposure might experience longer OS and a higher disease control rate. In addition, the increased Clast might prolong the progressive-free survival of patients. However, the relationships between EGFR mutation, pharmacokinetics, and clinical outcomes require further research.
BACKGROUND: There is no standard chemotherapy regimen that is universally accepted for the treatment of advanced gastric cancer. Trastuzumab added to chemotherapy improves survival in patients with metastatic human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (Her2/neu)-overexpressing gastric cancer. Data are lacking for the combination of trastuzumab with other chemotherapy regimens, apart from the cisplatin/fluorouracil backbone used in the pivotal TOGA trial. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this retrospective analysis, we included patients with gastric cancer with HER2 overexpression who received trastuzumab in addition to their first-line chemotherapy, with or without trastuzumab maintenance therapy. The end-points were response and tolerance to treatment. RESULTS: We identified seven patients who met the search criteria; six had metastatic disease and one had locally advanced unresectable disease. Four patients received epirubicin/oxaliplatin/capecitabine/trastuzumab, and the others had non-anthracycline-based chemotherapy with trastuzumab. All patients had radiological responses to treatment - one had a complete response and six had partial responses. Among the four patients who received anthracycline-based chemotherapy with trastuzumab, there was a transient decline in cardiac ejection fraction in three, but all resolved without sequelae. All patients received a period of chemotherapy induction followed by trastuzumab monotherapy for maintenance. The median progression-free survival was 14.6 months and median overall survival was 16.4 months. CONCLUSION: Trastuzumab is an important agent for the treatment of HER2-overexpressing gastric cancer. We recorded an acceptable safety and efficacy profile in this small cohort treated with anthracycline-based chemotherapy with trastuzumab followed by trastuzumab maintenance.
Purpose The AURA study ( ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01802632) included two cohorts of treatment-naive patients to examine clinical activity and safety of osimertinib (an epidermal growth factor receptor [EGFR] -tyrosine kinase inhibitor selective for EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitor sensitizing [ EGFRm] and EGFR T790M resistance mutations) as first-line treatment of EGFR-mutated advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Patients and Methods Sixty treatment-naive patients with locally advanced or metastatic EGFRm NSCLC received osimertinib 80 or 160 mg once daily (30 patients per cohort). End points included investigator-assessed objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), and safety evaluation. Plasma samples were collected at or after patients experienced disease progression, as defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST), to investigate osimertinib resistance mechanisms. Results At data cutoff (November 1, 2016), median follow-up was 19.1 months. Overall ORR was 67% (95% CI, 47% to 83%) in the 80-mg group, 87% (95% CI, 69% to 96%) in the 160-mg group, and 77% (95% CI, 64% to 87%) across doses. Median PFS time was 22.1 months (95% CI, 13.7 to 30.2 months) in the 80-mg group, 19.3 months (95% CI, 13.7 to 26.0 months) in the 160-mg group, and 20.5 months (95% CI, 15.0 to 26.1 months) across doses. Of 38 patients with postprogression plasma samples, 50% had no detectable circulating tumor DNA. Nine of 19 patients had putative resistance mechanisms, including amplification of MET (n = 1); amplification of EGFR and KRAS (n = 1); MEK1, KRAS, or PIK3CA mutation (n = 1 each); EGFR C797S mutation (n = 2); JAK2 mutation (n = 1); and HER2 exon 20 insertion (n = 1). Acquired EGFR T790M was not detected. Conclusion Osimertinib demonstrated a robust ORR and prolonged PFS in treatment-naive patients with EGFRm advanced NSCLC. There was no evidence of acquired EGFR T790M mutation in postprogression plasma samples.
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a phenomenon in cancer progression during which cancer cells undergo remarkable alteration acquiring highly invasive property. The aim of this study was to evaluate specific N-glycan alterations during EMT induced by epidermal growth factor (EGF) in GE11 epithelial cells. Herein, we demonstrated that EGF activated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)/Akt/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) phosphorylation and promoted GE11 cell proliferation. Meanwhile, EGF stimulated the epithelial cells to undergo morphological alteration, destroying cell-cell inter-contact and exhibiting mesenchymal cells higher metastatic potential. A wound-healing assay showed the migratory ability increased 1.5-fold after EGF treatment. Moreover, the relative intensity of N-cadherin versus E-cadherin increased 2.6-fold, and the E-cadherin distribution in cell-cell junctions became jagged and faint after EGF incubation for 72 h. Interestingly, the amounts of bisecting GlcNAc structure were dramatically declined, by contrast, the formation of beta1,6 GlcNAc branches on cell surface was upregulated during EMT induced by EGF. To understand the roles of N-glycans in EGF-induced EMT, the cells were stably transfected with N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase III (GnT-III), which catalyzes the bisecting GlcNAc structure formation. As the markers for EMT, EGF-induced E-cadherin decrease and fibronectin increase were delayed in GnT-III-overexpressing cells. Taken together, these results demonstrated that specific N-glycan alterations were coupled in EMT induced by EGF, which might be contributed to diagnosis and therapy of tumor metastasis.
BACKGROUND: Over the past few years, anti-HER2 targeted therapies have proven to be a key treatment in the management of human epidermal growth receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancers, as well as gastrointestinal tract tumors and head and neck tumors. Anti-HER2 therapies administered alone or in combination with chemotherapy have been extensively studied, but only limited robust data are available concerning the safety and efficacy of anti-HER2 molecules in combination with radiotherapy. METHODS: We searched on Medline, Embase and Cochrane databases the articles providing data on the concomitant association between the antiHER2 therapies used in clinical practice (trastuzumab, pertuzumab, lapatinib and T-DM1) with radiotherapy. The articles were selected according to their pre-clinical and clinical relevance. RESULTS: The trastuzumab-irradiation combination is the most studied, with a focus on the cardiac toxicity. The combination of lapatinib-irradiation was particularly studied in the context of cerebral metastases of HER2-positive breast cancer. The data on pertuzumab and T-DM1 were poor and are mainly case reports. CONCLUSION: To date, reliable conclusions about the toxicity and/or efficacy of concomitant irradiation with anti-HER2 therapies are difficult to make due to the heterogeneity of the data in the literature and need to be confirmed on a larger scale and long term follow-up. Nevertheless, no serious adverse events are reported and the toxicity profile seems to be manageable.
Carboxamide derivatives are a promising class of compounds in anticancer drug discovery, owing to their ability to interact with multiple oncogenic targets and their favorable pharmacological profiles. In this study, we report the design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a series of N-substituted 1H-indole-2-carboxamides as potential anticancer agents. The synthesized compounds were assessed for antiproliferative activity using the MTT assay against MCF-7 (breast cancer), K-562 (leukemia), and HCT-116 (colon cancer) cell lines, with normal human dermal fibroblasts included as a non-cancerous control. Several compounds demonstrated notable cytotoxicity and selectivity. Compounds 12, 14, and 4 exhibited potent activity against K-562 cells, with IC(50) values of 0.33 microM, 0.61 microM, and 0.61 microM, respectively. Compound 10 showed the most significant activity against HCT-116 cells (IC(50) = 1.01 microM) with a high selectivity index (SI = 99.4). Moderate cytotoxicity was observed against MCF-7 cells. To elucidate the mechanism of action, molecular docking and induced-fit docking studies were conducted against key cancer-related targets, including topoisomerase-DNA (PDB ID: 5ZRF), PI3Kalpha (4L23), and EGFR (3W32), revealing favorable binding interactions. Additionally, principal component analysis of molecular descriptors indicated that the compounds possess promising drug-like and lead-like properties, particularly compound 10. Overall, this study highlights N-substituted indole-2-carboxamides as promising scaffolds for further optimization. The integration of synthetic chemistry, biological assays, and computational modeling provides a robust foundation for the continued development of these compounds as potential anticancer agents.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer brain metastases (BCBM) are highly heterogenous with widely differing survival. The prognosis of the oligometastatic breast cancer (BC) patients with brain metastases (BM) has not been well studied. We aimed to investigate the prognosis of BCBM patients with limited intracranial and extracranial metastatic lesions. METHODS: Four hundred and forty-five BCBM patients treated between 1st January 2008 and 31st December 2018 at our institute were included. Clinical characteristics and treatment information were obtained from patient's medical records. The updated breast Graded Prognostic Assessment (Breast GPA) was calculated. RESULTS: The median OS after diagnosis of BM were 15.9 months. Median OS for patients with GPA 0-1.0, 1.5-2, 2.5-3 and 3.5-4 were 6.9, 14.2, 21.8, 42.6 months respectively. The total number of intracranial and extracranial metastatic lesions, in addition to the Breast GPA, salvage local therapy and systemic therapy (anti-HER2 therapy, chemotherapy and endocrine therapy) were demonstrated to be associated with prognosis. One hundred and thirteen patients (25.4%) had 1-5 total metastatic lesions at BM diagnosis. Patients with 1-5 total metastatic lesions had a significantly longer median OS of 24.3 months compared to those with greater than 5 total metastatic lesions with a median OS of 12.2 months (P < 0.001; multivariate HR 0.55, 95% CI, 0.43-0.72). Among the patients with 1-5 metastatic lesions, median OS for GPA 0-1.0 was 9.8 months, compared to 22.8, 28.8 and 71.0 for GPA 1.5-2.0, 2.5-3.0 and 3.5-4.0 respectively, which is much longer than the corresponding patients with greater than 5 total metastatic lesions, with medium OS of 6.8, 11.6, 18.6 and 42.6 months respectively for GPA 0-1.0, 1.5-2.0, 2.5-3.0 and 3.5-4.0. CONCLUSIONS: The patients with 1-5 total metastatic lesions demonstrated better OS. The prognostic value of the Breast GPA and the survival benefit of salvage local therapy and continuation of systemic therapy after BM were confirmed.
Triple negative breast cancer is a subtype of breast cancer that lacks expression of an estrogen receptor (ER), a progesterone receptor (PR), and HER2. It is characterized by its unique molecular profile, aggressive behavior, and distinct pattern of metastasis. Epidemiological studies show a high prevalence of triple negative breast cancer among younger women and those of African descent. Although sensitive to chemotherapy, early relapse is common, and a predilection for visceral metastasis, including brain metastasis, has been described. Gene-expression profiling approaches demonstrated that triple negative breast cancer is a heterogeneous group of diseases composed of different, molecularly distinct subtypes. Although not synonymous, the majority of triple negative breast cancers carry the "basal-like" molecular profile on gene-expression arrays. However, several studies have shown that triple negative breast cancer includes tumors with a non-basal expression profile and, in particular, the "normal-breast," the "multiple marker negative," and the recently identified "claudin-negative" subtypes. Target-based agents, including epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and poly-ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitors, are currently in clinical trials and hold promise in the treatment of this aggressive disease.
Laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) is a highly disabling disease to the patient, affecting speech, swallowing and respiratory skills. Smoking and alcohol abuse are principal risk factors linked to this disease. Genetic factors can be involved in carcinogenesis by controlling the cell cycle, cell survival, angiogenesis, and invasiveness. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) involving specific genes could modulate the risk of LSCC related to known carcinogens by modifying cellular responses, but not all genetic associations are known. In a case-control study, we assess the associations between cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2), epidermal growth factor (EGF), EGF receptor (EGFR), and tumor suppressor P53 SNPs on the risk of LSCC development in the Chilean population. A total of 85 LSCC patients and 95 healthy volunteers were recruited. SNPs genotype were analyzed from genomic DNA by Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)-Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism (RFLP) and associations were estimated by odds ratios (ORs) using unconditional logistic regressions. A significant association between COX2 and TP53 SNP and LSCC risk was found, with an OR = 3.27 for COX2 c.-1329A>G (rs689466) SNP, and an OR = 1.94 for TP53 c.215C>G, Pro72Arg (rs1042522) SNP. These findings suggest that COX2 c.-1329A>G and TP53 c.215C>G (Pro72Arg) SNPs may be risk factors for LSCC. Through this research, we identify two low penetrance genetic variants that may be evaluated as novel biomarkers for this disease, in South American Mestizo populations.
Raman spectroscopy is a non-invasive optical technique that can be used to investigate biochemical information embedded in cells and tissues exposed to ionizing radiation used in cancer therapy. Raman spectroscopy could potentially be incorporated in personalized radiation treatment design as a tool to monitor radiation response in at the metabolic level. However, tracking biochemical dynamics remains challenging for Raman spectroscopy. Here we developed a novel analytical framework by combining group and basis restricted non-negative matrix factorization and random forest (GBR-NMF-RF). This framework can monitor radiation response profiles in different molecular histotypes and biochemical dynamics in irradiated breast cancer cells. Five subtypes of; human breast cancer (MCF-7, BT-474, MDA-MB-230, and SK-BR-3) and normal cells derived from human breast tissue (MCF10A) which had been exposed to ionizing radiation were tested in this framework. Reference Raman spectra of 20 biochemicals were collected and used as the constrained Raman biomarkers in the GBR-NMF-RF framework. We obtained scores for individual biochemicals corresponding to the contribution of each Raman reference spectrum to each spectrum obtained from the five cell types. A random forest classifier was then fitted to the chemical scores for performing molecular histotype classifications (HER2, PR, ER, Ki67, and cancer versus non-cancer) and assessing the importance of the Raman biochemical basis spectra for each classification test. Overall, the GBR-NMF-RF framework yields classification results with high accuracy (>97%), high sensitivity (>97%), and high specificity (>97%). Variable importance calculated in the random forest model indicated high contributions from glycogen and lipids (cholesterol, phosphatidylserine, and stearic acid) in molecular histotype classifications.
The discovery of growth factors and their involvement in cancer represents the foundation of precision oncology. The preclinical and clinical development of agents targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in colorectal cancer (CRC) were accompanied by big hype and hopes, though the clinical testing of such agents clashed with intrinsic and acquired resistance, greatly limiting their therapeutic value. However, a better understanding of the biology of the EGFR signaling pathway in CRC, coupled with the development of liquid biopsy methodologies to study cancer evolution in real time, fostered the clinical refinement of anti-EGFR treatment in CRC. Such a workflow, based on the co-evolution of biology knowledge and clinical development, allowed to couple the discovery of relevant therapy resistance mechanisms to the development of strategies to bypass this resistance. A broader application of this paradigm could prove successful and create an effective shortcut between the bench and the bedside for treatment strategies other than targeted therapy.
AIM: During radiation therapy (RT) for prostate cancer, bladder filling helps exclude the organ from irradiation and reduces adverse effects. For RT planning, we performed computed tomography (CT) for 2 consecutive days to evaluate inter-day variations in organs such as the bladder. However, the patient factors that are associated with large intra-patient variations in bladder filling volume prior to RT are not known. METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 97 prostate cancer patients who underwent CT for 2 consecutive days for RT planning between March 2015 and March 2020 and with confirmed water intake volume before the scans. Patients consumed 500 ml of water immediately after urination and underwent CT 30 min after the start of water intake; CT was performed under similar conditions over 2 consecutive days. Patient information was collected from the medical records taken before CT. RESULTS: The median bladder filling volume was 102.8 cm(3) (range: 31.7-774.0), and the median intra-patient bladder filling volume variation was 23.4 cm(3) (range: 0.4-277.7). Univariate analysis revealed that the intra-patient variation was significantly larger in patients with an eGFR higher than the median (p = 0.003). No other factor showed correlations with the variation. As the larger bladder filling volume of the 2 consecutive days in patients increased (median 121.5 cm(3) , range: 47.8-774.0), the intra-patient variation also increased. CONCLUSION: Patients with a higher eGFR show greater variation in bladder filling volume, and caution should be exercised when applying RT in these patients.
OBJECTIVE: To estimate five-year survival in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients according to histology and to identify independent prognostic factors by histology. METHODS: Data were obtained during the KBP-2010-CPHG study, which included all new cases of primary lung cancer diagnosed in 2010 in 104 non-academic hospitals. RESULTS: In all, 3199 patients had adenocarcinoma (ADC), 1852 squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), 754 large cell carcinoma (LCC). Five-year survival was 13.3% [12.1%-14.5%] for ADC, 14.3% [12.7%-16.0%] for SCC, 9.6% [7.6%-11.9%] for LCC (P<0.001). Performance status, weight loss prior to diagnosis and tumour stage were consistently significant independent prognostic factors. Age (>70 years; P=0.004), male gender (P<0.001), and smoking (P<0.001) were independent negative prognostic factors for ADC. Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR)-mutation tests, performed in 1638 ADC patients, were positive for 186. Five-year survival was 14.7% [10.3%-21%] and 10.9% [9.4%-12.6%] for mutated and wild-type EGFR, respectively (P<0.001). EFGR mutation was an independent positive prognostic factor (HR=0.5 [0.4-0.6], P<0.001); however, the proportional hazards assumption was not fulfilled and hazards were inverted after 35 months. CONCLUSIONS: Five-year survival in patients managed in French non-academic hospitals for primary NSCLC in 2010 remained poor (<15%), whatever the histologic type. The independent negative prognostic factors for five-year survival were: weight, particularly weight loss prior to diagnosis; smoking (active or former) at diagnosis in ADC and LCC and smoking level at diagnosis in smoker patients with SCC. The independent positive prognostic factors were young age and female gender for ADC.
PURPOSE: To characterize the population pharmacokinetics (PKs) of subcutaneous (SC) and intravenous (IV) trastuzumab in early breast cancer (EBC), assess the impact of covariates on trastuzumab PK, and evaluate fixed (nonweight-based) dosing for the SC regimen administrated via handheld syringe. METHODS: Serum trastuzumab concentrations from 595 patients with HER2-positive EBC in the HannaH study (fixed 600 mg SC trastuzumab or weight-based IV trastuzumab) were analyzed using nonlinear mixed-effects modeling. Multiple logistic regression was used to assess the exposure-response relationships between PK, efficacy [pathologic complete response (pCR)], and safety [grade >/=3 adverse events (AEs)]. RESULTS: Trastuzumab PK was described by a two-compartment model with parallel linear and nonlinear elimination and first-order SC absorption, with a bioavailability of 77 %. Estimated total clearance (CL) values were 0.18-0.22 L/day for steady-state trough/peak concentrations of 75-148 microg/mL; the estimate for central volume of distribution was 2.9 L. Body weight and alanine transaminase, while showing significant effects on PK, only explained 8% of the variability in CL. Exposure-response analyses showed no relationship between PK, pCR, and grade >/=3 AEs for either regimen. CONCLUSION: A fixed 600 mg SC dose of trastuzumab provides the desired exposure, with steady-state trough concentrations (35-123 mug/mL for the 5th-95th percentiles) above the historical target concentration of 20 mug/mL for efficacy. Fixed dosing is further supported by lack of an exposure-response relationship between PK, pCR, and grade >/=3 AEs. No dose adjustment per patient factors is required within the ranges studied.
Purpose: Responses to EGFR-targeted therapy are generally temporary, due to inevitable drug resistance. The prevalence and characteristics of receptor tyrosine-kinase (RTK) fusion as acquired resistance to EGFR tyrosine-kinase inhibitors (TKIs) are rarely investigated. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed genomic profiling data of 3873 EGFR (exons 18-21)-mutant lung cancer patients with more than once next-generation sequencing detection. A total of 16 patients who acquired RTK fusions during EGFR-TKI treatment with paired pre- and post-EGFR-TKI samples were identified. Their treatment history was collected. Results: Newly acquired RTK fusions during EGFR-TKI treatment included RET (n=6, 37.5%), ALK (n=5, 31.3%), NTRK1 (n=4, 25.0%), ROS1 (n=1, 6.3%), and FGFR3 (n=1, 6.3%). All RET and EML4-ALK fusions were uncommon variants of KIF5B-RET and E2:A20 (V5), respectively. Interestingly, RET fusion occurred only after osimertinib treatment, and contributed to drug resistance in 50% (6 of 12) of patients treated with osimertinib, indicating that fusions had different prevalence when functioning as resistance mechanisms to EGFR TKIs. Moreover, we found that in all patients developing drug resistance to EGFR TKIs due to fusion emergence (n=16), those that had a treatment history of third-generation EGFR TKIs accounted for 75% (n=12). Conclusion: We have extended the current knowledge of resistance mechanisms to EGFR TKIs in non-small-cell lung cancer. Detection of RTK fusions should be included in genomic profiling panels to uncover potential resistance mechanisms of EGFR TKIs, which might inform therapeutic strategies, such as combination-therapy approaches, to circumvent tumorigenesis.
The majority of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) respond to first-line EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), but nearly all inevitably acquire resistance and develop disease progression. Conventional practice would be to switch treatments to second-line therapy. However, continuing TKIs beyond progression is becoming increasingly commonplace in patients with indolent, small volume asymptomatic growth, who may potentially continue to derive ongoing clinical benefit and to avoid a 'withdrawal tumour flare'. Nevertheless, there are limitations to our current criteria for assessing disease response, which are based on radiological assessments without considering symptomatic benefit, or the complex molecular and clinical heterogeneity of tumour growth and drug response patterns. In this article, we review the rationale for continuing EGFR inhibitors in patients with EGFR mutant NSCLC beyond disease progression and discuss strategies that have been pursued in the context of molecularly and clinically heterogeneous populations of tumour growth depending on the different clinical scenarios encountered. We discuss the management of systemic disease progression, including continuing EGFR TKIs alone, introducing a drug holiday, or combining TKIs with chemotherapy or other molecularly targeted agents. We also focus on approaches in managing patients with indolent, small volume asymptomatic growth (non-CNS oligometastatic disease progression) and those with oligometastatic EGFR mutant NSCLC with involvement of the central nervous system. We envision future precision medicine strategies through the use of next generation sequencing strategies of serial tumour rebiopsies and circulating plasma DNA to individualise the management for such patients during disease progression.
PURPOSE: Follistatin-like protein 1 (FSTL1) is a secreted glycoprotein that has been shown to play a role in various types of cancer. However, the clinical significance and function of FSTL1 in breast cancer have not been reported. We investigated the role of FSTL1 in breast cancer in this study. METHODS: Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays, western blot analysis, and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction were used to monitor the expression of FSTL1 in breast cancer tissue and in serum samples from breast cancer patients. We employed a 4T1 breast cancer model and Fstl1 (+/-) mice for in vivo studies. Hematoxylin and eosin staining, western blot analysis, and RNA sequencing were used to analyze the effect of FSTL1 on primary tumor growth and lung metastasis. RESULTS: We demonstrated that the expression of FSTL1 is reduced in both the breast cancer tissue and the serum of breast cancer patients. We showed that reduced levels of FSTL1 in serum correlate with elevated expression of Ki-67 and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) in cancer tissues. Moreover, lowered expression of FSTL1 was associated with decreased survival in breast cancer patients. Experiments on the Fstl1 (+/-) mouse model established that FSTL1 deficiency had no effect on primary tumor growth, but increased the lung metastases of breast cancer cells, resulting in reduced survival of tumor-bearing mice. RNA sequencing found significantly reduced expression of Egln3 and increased expression of EGFR in Fstl1 (+/-) mice. Thus, our results suggest that FSTL1 may affect the expression of EGFR through Egln3, inhibiting the proliferation of breast cancer cells at lung metastatic sites. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, we suggest a suppressor role of FSTL1 in breast cancer lung metastasis. Furthermore, FSTL1 may represent a potential prognostic biomarker and a candidate therapeutic target in breast cancer patients.
Surface properties, as well as inherent physicochemical properties, of the engineered nanomaterials play important roles in their interactions with the biological systems, which eventually affect their efficiency in diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Here we report a new class of MRI contrast agent based on milk casein protein-coated iron oxide nanoparticles (CNIOs) with a core size of 15 nm and hydrodynamic diameter ~30 nm. These CNIOs exhibited excellent water-solubility, colloidal stability, and biocompatibility. Importantly, CNIOs exhibited prominent T2 enhancing capability with a transverse relaxivity r2 of 273 mM(-1) s(-1) at 3 tesla. The transverse relaxivity is ~2.5-fold higher than that of iron oxide nanoparticles with the same core but an amphiphilic polymer coating. CNIOs showed pH-responsive properties, formed loose and soluble aggregates near the pI (pH ~4.0). The aggregates could be dissociated reversibly when the solution pH was adjusted away from the pI. The transverse relaxation property and MRI contrast enhancing effect of CNIOs remained unchanged in the pH range of 2.0-8.0. Further functionalization of CNIOs can be achieved via surface modification of the protein coating. Bioaffinitive ligands, such as a single chain fragment from the antibody of epidermal growth factor receptor (ScFvEGFR), could be readily conjugated onto the protein coating, enabling specific targeting to MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells overexpressing EGFR. T2-weighted MRI of mice intravenously administered with CNIOs demonstrated strong contrast enhancement in the liver and spleen. These favorable properties suggest CNIOs as a class of biomarker targeted magnetic nanoparticles for MRI contrast enhancement and related biomedical applications.
BACKGROUND: Pancreas cancer is one of most aggressive human cancers with the survival rate for patients with metastatic pancreas cancer at 5-6 months. The poor survival demonstrates a clear need for better target identification, drug development and new therapeutic strategies. Recent discoveries have shown that the role for Notch pathway is important in both development and cancer. Its contribution to oncogenesis also involves crosstalks with other growth factor pathways, such as Akt and its modulator, PTEN. The mounting evidence supporting a role for Notch in cancer promotion and survival suggests that targeting this pathway alone or in combination with other therapeutics represents a promising therapeutic strategy. RESULTS: Using a pancreas cancer tissue microarray, we noted that Jagged1, Notch3 and Notch4 are overexpressed in pancreas tumors (26%, 84% and 31% respectively), whereas Notch1 is expressed in blood vessels. While there was no correlation between Notch receptor expression and survival, stage or tumor grade, Notch3 was associated with Jagged1 and EGFR expression, suggesting a unique relationship between Notch3 and Jagged1. Inhibition of the Notch pathway genetically and with gamma-secretase inhibitor (GSI) resulted in tumor suppression and enhanced cell death. The observed anti-tumor activity appeared to be through Akt and modulation of PTEN phosphorylation. We discovered that transcriptional regulation of RhoA by Notch is important for PTEN phosphorylation. Finally, the mTOR inhibitor Rapamycin enhanced the effect of GSI on RhoA expression, resulting in down regulation of phospho-Akt and increased in vitro tumor cytotoxity. CONCLUSIONS: Notch pathway plays an important role in maintaining pancreas tumor phenotype. Targeting this pathway represents a reasonable strategy for the treatment of pancreas cancers. Notch modulates the Akt pathway through regulation of PTEN phosphorylation, an observation that has not been made previously. Furthermore, we discovered that this regulation is dependent on RhoA/Rock1 activation. Enhanced phospho-Akt suppression when GSI is combined with rapamycin suggests that targeting both pathways will lead to a greater efficacy in the treatment of patients with pancreas cancer.
Oncotype Dx (ODx) recurrence score (RS) is used in early breast cancer to guide the use of adjuvant therapy. In addition to RS the test produces results of reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) of Estrogen receptors (ER), Progesterone receptors (PgR) and Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2-neu). Our goal was to determine the correlation between immunohistochemistry (IHC) and RT-PCR testing of ER, PgR and HER2-neu and to correlate the results of ODx RS with tumors' grade, age and PgR status. 113 patients with ER+, HER2-neu- breast cancers that underwent ODx testing were analyzed for receptors correlation and concordance rates by the 2 methods. A total of 104 patients had ER+/PgR+ tumors and 9 patients had ER+/PgR- tumors by IHC, the average RS were 17.5 +/- 9.1 and 31.2 +/- 8.7 (P < 0.001) respectively. The Spearman correlation coefficient between IHC and ODx results were 0.5 (95% CI 0.34-0.62) for ER and 0.78 (95% CI 0.7-0.84) for PgR. The concordance rate between IHC and ODx was 98.2% for ER, 89.4%.for PgR and 99.1% for HER2-neu. Most of the discordant cases (9 out of 13) were low positive (1-10%) by IHC and negative by RT-PCR. In addition higher tumor grade was associated with a higher ODx RS. Our data show that the IHC results were highly concordant with RT-PCR for ER, PgR and Her2-neu. In addition low positive (1-10%) ER/PgR might indicate a real negative status. Our study shows that ER+/PgR- breast cancers are associated with a significantly higher ODx RS.
PURPOSE: There is no consensus regarding treatment for patients with breast cancer and isolated sternal involvement. Though classified as AJCC stage IV, this group of patients may have prolonged distant disease free survival. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective case series of 8 patients with isolated sternal recurrence. Information regarding age, menopausal status, hormonal receptor status, HER2 status, initial treatment, time to sternal recurrence, treatment of sternal involvement, and outcome was obtained. RESULTS: Median follow-up, 6 years. Seven of 8 diagnosed with metachronous sternal recurrence at a median of 3 years from initial breast cancer diagnosis, 1 with sternal involvement at initial diagnosis. Seven of 8 are alive, with one death from metastatic breast cancer 10 years after sternal recurrence. Six of 8 are without evidence of distant spread, 2 in continuous complete remission (CR) at 7 and 14 years from sternal recurrence. CONCLUSION: While a small cohort, the excellent survival of the group identifies this as a distinct subset of metastatic disease, requiring special treatment considerations. Isolated sternal involvement could represent direct local-regional extension rather than systemic spread.
Association with albumin as a means to improve biodistribution and tumor deposition of a Fab was investigated using AB.Fab4D5, a bifunctional molecule derived from trastuzumab (HERCEPTIN) capable of binding albumin and tumor antigen HER2 (erbB2) simultaneously. AB.Fab4D5 was compared with trastuzumab and a trastuzumab-derived Fab (Fab4D5) for the ability to target tumors overexpressing HER2 in mouse mammary tumor virus/HER2 allograft models. Biodistribution was monitored using intravital microscopy, histology, and integrated single-photon emission computed tomography/computed tomography analysis. Fab4D5 tumor deposition was characterized by rapid but transient appearance in tumor at 2 h with little retention, followed by rapid accumulation in kidney by 6 h. Trastuzumab was slow to accumulate in tumors and slow to clear from normal tissues, although significant tumor deposition was achieved by 24 h. In contrast, AB.Fab4D5 was observed at 2 h in tumor and its presence was sustained beyond 24 h similar to trastuzumab. Intravital microscopy revealed that at peak tumor accumulation, tumor cell staining by AB.Fab4D5 was more uniform than for Fab4D5 or trastuzumab. Similar tumor deposition was achieved for both AB.Fab4D5 and trastuzumab at 48 h (35.9 +/- 1.8% and 38.2 +/- 3.1% injected dose/g); however, AB.Fab4D5 targeted tumors more rapidly and quickly cleared from blood, leading to a lower overall normal tissue exposure. Importantly, unlike Fab4D5, AB.Fab4D5 did not accumulate in kidney, suggesting that association with albumin leads to an altered route of clearance and metabolism. Rapid targeting, excellent tumor deposition and retention, coupled with high tumor to blood ratios may make AB.Fab an exceptional molecule for imaging and cancer therapy.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the correlations of aldehyde dehydrogenase 1 (ALDH1) expression with the molecular subtypes and ATP-binding cassette subfamily G member 2 (ABCG2) in breast cancer. METHODS: The specimens from 179 cases of breast cancer were divided into five molecular subtypes according to the immunological markers (ER, PR, HER2 and CK5/6), which were luminal A, luminal B, Her2-enriched, basal-like and breast-like subtype, respectively. The expressions of ALDH1 and ABCG2 of the specimens were detected with immunohistochemical staining, and the relationship between them as well as their relations with the clinicopathological factors of breast cancer was analyzed. RESULTS: Of the 179 cases of breast cancer, ALDH1 positive expression was present in 43 cases (24.0%). The AIDH1 expression rate showed significant difference among the different molecular subtypes of breast cancer (P=0.003). The positive expression rate of ALDH1 was 16.7% (17/102) in luminal A subtype, 21.4% (3/14) in luminal B subtype, 54.5% (13/22) in Her2-enriched subtype, 33.3% (8/24) in basal-like subtype, and 17.6% (3/17) in breast-like subtype, respectively. The positive expression of ALDH1 had no significant relation with the ABCG2 expression (P=0.052). Both ALDH1 and ABCG2 expressions were related to the administration of preoperative chemotherapy (P=0.027 and P=0.033) and ALDH1 expression was related to the HER2 expression (P=0.006). CONCLUSIONS: With a high expression level of ALDH1, HER2 overexpression, basal-like and ABCG2-positive types were associated with poor outcomes and treatment resistance in breast cancer. The expression of ALDH1 has no obvious relation with ABCG2.
To establish the individualized treatment of patients with colorectal cancer, factors associated with chemotherapeutic effects should be identified. However, to the best of our knowledge, few studies are available on this topic, although it is known that the prognosis of patients and sensitivity to chemotherapy depend on the location of the tumor and that the tumor location is important for individualized treatment. In this study, primary tumors obtained from 1,129 patients with colorectal cancer were used to measure the mRNA expression levels of the following genes associated with the effects of standard chemotherapy for colorectal cancer: 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-related thymidylate synthase (TYMS), dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPYD) and thymidine phosphorylase (TYMP); folate-related dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), folylpolyglutamate synthase (FPGS) and gamma-glutamyl hydrolase (GGH); irinotecan-related topoisomerase I (TOP1); oxaliplatin-related excision repair cross-complementing 1 (ERCC1); biologic agent-related vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Large-scale population analysis was performed to determine the association of gene expression with the clinicopathological features, in particular, the location of the colorectal cancer. From the results of our analysis of the mRNA expression of these 10 genes, we noted the strongest correlation between DPYD and TYMP, followed by TYMS and DHFR. The location of the colorectal cancer was classified into 4 regions (the right and left-sided colon, rectosigmoid and rectum) and was compared with gene expression. A significant difference in all genes, apart from VEGF, was noted. Of the remaining 9 genes, the highest expression of TYMS and DPYD was observed in the rightsided colon; the highest expression of GGH and EGFR was noted in the left-sided colon; the highest expression of DHFR, FPGS, TOP1 and ERCC1 was noted in the rectosigmoid, whereas TYMP expression was approximately equivalent in the right-sided colon and rectum, and higher than that in other locations. The data generated from this study may prove to be useful for the development of individualized chemotherapeutic treatments for patients with colorectal cancer, and will mean that the tumor location is taken into account.
The mitogen-inducible gene-6 (mig-6) is a multi-adaptor protein implicated in the regulation of the HER family of receptor tyrosine kinases. We have reported recently that mig-6 is a negative regulator of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-dependent skin morphogenesis and tumor formation in vivo. In the liver, ablation of mig-6 leads to an increase in EGFR protein levels, suggesting that mig-6 is a negative regulator of EGFR function. In line with this observation, primary hepatocytes isolated from mig-6 knockout and wild-type control mice display sustained mitogenic signaling in response to EGF. In order to explore the role of mig-6 in the liver in vivo, we analyzed liver regeneration in mig-6 knockout and wild-type control mice. Interestingly, mig-6 knockout mice display enhanced hepatocyte proliferation in the initial phases after partial hepatectomy. This phenotype correlates with activation of endogenous EGFR signaling, predominantly through the protein kinase B pathway. In addition, mig-6 is an endogenous inhibitor of EGFR signaling and EGF-induced tumor cell migration in human liver cancer cell lines. Moreover, mig-6 is down-regulated in human hepatocellular carcinoma and this correlates with increased EGFR expression. CONCLUSION: Our data implicate mig-6 as a regulator of EGFR activity in hepatocytes and as a suppressor of EGFR signaling in human liver cancer.
PURPOSE: Aberrant activation of the PI3K pathway has been implicated in resistance to HER2-targeted therapy, but results of clinical trials are confounded by the co-administration of chemotherapy. We investigated the effect of perturbations of this pathway in breast cancers from patients treated with neoadjuvant anti-HER2-targeted therapy without chemotherapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Baseline tumor samples from patients with HER2-positive breast cancer enrolled in TBCRC006 (NCT00548184), a 12-week neoadjuvant clinical trial with lapatinib plus trastuzumab [plus endocrine therapy for estrogen receptor (ER)-positive tumors], were assessed for PTEN status by immunohistochemistry and PIK3CA mutations by sequencing. Results were correlated with pathologic complete response (pCR). RESULTS: Of 64 evaluable patients, PTEN immunohistochemistry and PIK3CA mutation analysis were performed for 59 and 46 patients, respectively. PTEN status (dichotomized by H-score median) was correlated with pCR (32% in high PTEN vs. 9% in low PTEN, p = 0.04). PIK3CA mutations were identified in 14/46 tumors at baseline (30%) and did not correlate with ER or PTEN status. One patient whose tumor harbored a PIK3CA mutation achieved pCR (p = 0.14). When considered together (43 cases), 1/25 cases (4%) with a PIK3CA mutation and/or low PTEN expression levels had a pCR compared to 7/18 cases (39%) with wild-type PI3KCA and high PTEN expression levels (p = 0.006). CONCLUSION: PI3K pathway activation is associated with resistance to lapatinib and trastuzumab in breast cancers, without chemotherapy. Further studies are warranted to investigate how to use these biomarkers to identify upfront patients who may respond to anti-HER2 alone, without chemotherapy.
BACKGROUND: Cancer-related immune antigens in the tumor microenvironment could represent an obstacle to agents targeting EGFR "cetuximab" or VEGF "bevacizumab" in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) patients. METHODS: Infiltrating immune cells into tumor tissues, cancer-related expression of immune antigens (CD3, CD8, CD68, CD73, MPO, CD15/FUT4) from 102 mCRC patients receiving first-line Cetuximab or Bevacizumab plus chemotherapy were assessed by immunohistochemistry and validated in an independent tissue microarrays of 140 patients. Genome-wide expression profiles from 436 patients and 60 colon cancer cell lines were investigated using bioinformatics analysis. In vitro kinase assays of target genes activated by chemokines or growth factors were performed. RESULTS: Here, we report that cancer-related CD15/FUT4 is overexpressed in most of mCRCs patients (43 %) and associates with lower intratumoral CD3+ and CD8+ T cells, higher systemic inflammation (NLR at diagnosis >5) and poorer outcomes, in terms of response and progression-free survival than those CD15/FUT4-low or negative ones (adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 2.92; 95 % CI = 1.86-4.41; P < 0.001). Overexpression of CD15/FUT4 is induced through RAF-MEK-ERK kinase cascade, suppressed by MEK inhibitors and exhibits a close connection with constitutive oncogenic signalling pathways that respond to ERBB3 or FGFR4 activation (P < 0.001). CD15/FUT4-high expressing colon cancer cells with primary resistance to cetuximab or bevacizumab are significantly more sensitive to MEK inhibitors than CD15/FUT4-low counterparts. CONCLUSION: Cancer-related CD15/FUT4 overexpression participates in cetuximab or bevacizumab mechanisms of resistance in mCRC patients. CD15/FUT4 as a potential target of the antitumor immune response requires further evaluation in clinical studies.
Generating inhibitors for A Disintegrin And Metalloproteinase 10 (ADAM10), a zinc-dependent protease, was heavily invested in by the pharmaceutical industry starting over 20 years ago. There has been much enthusiasm in basic research for these inhibitors, with a multitude of studies generating significant data, yet the clinical trials have not replicated the same results. ADAM10 is ubiquitously expressed and cleaves many important substrates such as Notch, PD-L1, EGFR/HER ligands, ICOS-L, TACI, and the "stress related molecules" MIC-A, MIC-B and ULBPs. This review goes through the most recent pre-clinical data with inhibitors as well as clinical data supporting the use of ADAM10 inhibitor use in cancer and autoimmunity. It additionally addresses how ADAM10 inhibitor therapy can be improved and if inhibitor therapy can be paired with other drug treatments to maximize effectiveness in various disease states. Finally, it examines the ADAM10 substrates that are important to each disease state and if any of these substrates or ADAM10 itself is a potential biomarker for disease.
An Affibody molecule is a chain of 58 amino acids (~6.5 kDa) that contains a modified B domain of the staphylococcal protein A and can be obtained by chemical synthesis or produced in bacteria with the use of recombinant technology (1). Because of their small size and high chemical and thermal stability, these molecules are used as radiolabeled probes for the targeted detection and treatment of malignant tumors as discussed elsewhere (1-3). In this regard, the epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is considered to be an important Affibody target because it is believed to promote development of the malignant phenotype, it plays a role in the development of resistance to anticancer drugs and radiation therapy, it is overexpressed in several different cancer tumor cells, and it often indicates a poor prognosis for the patient (4). Several radionuclide-labeled Affibodies or their derivatives, such as Z(HER2:342), have been evaluated to detect tumors expressing HER2 in preclinical studies as discussed by Tolmachev (5). Although the labeled Affibodies generate high-contrast images of the tumors, a common limitation observed with these tracers is an elevated accumulation of radioactivity in the kidneys, which masks the detection of tumors in adjacent regions of these and other organs (6). In addition, there is also a concern that the high radiation dose(s) produced from radioactivity accumulated in the kidneys can damage these organs in some patients. Human serum albumin (HSA) is a multifunctional nonimmunogenic circulatory protein (~65 kDa) that has good biocompatible and biodegradation characteristics, and recombinant HSA (rHSA) or its derivative can be used as an excipient to formulate biological drugs (7). In addition, because HSA has a long circulating half-life and is not eliminated through the kidneys, investigators have evaluated the use of rHSA-drug conjugates to improve the efficacy of drugs and to visualize tumors using a radiolabeled integrin receptor-binding peptide coupled to rHSA (6). On the basis of this information, Hoppmann et al. evaluated the ability of a (64)Cu- or (111)In-labeled 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-N,N',N'',N'''-tetraaceticacid (DOTA)-HSA-Z(HER2:342) Affibody conjugate to target and visualize xenograft SKOV3 cell tumors in mice with the use of positron emission tomography (PET; for the (64)Cu-labeled Affibody) and single-photon emission tomography (SPECT; for the (111)In-labeled Affibody), respectively. (6). This chapter describes the investigations performed with [(111)In]-DOTA-HSA-Z(HER2:342). Studies performed with [(64)Cu]-DOTA-HSA-Z(HER2:342) are presented in a separate chapter of MICAD (www.micad.nih.gov ) (8).
The present study aimed to compare the effects of vinorelbine-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy and vinorelbine-free regimens. A meta-analysis of all the relevant randomized controlled trials was performed to investigate the improvement in pathological complete response (pCR), overall response rate (ORR) and breast-conserving surgery (BCS). The PubMed and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies reporting randomized controlled trials comparing vinorelbine-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy with vinorelbine-free regimens until July 2013. Risk ratios/odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to estimate the association between vinorelbine in neoadjuvant chemotherapy and various efficacy outcomes. Fixed- or random-effect models were adopted to pool the data. Five eligible studies with a total of 1,495 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Compared to vinorelbine-free chemotherapy, vinorelbine-based regimens demonstrated no significant improvement in clinical outcomes including: pCR [relative risk (RR)=1.016; 95% CI, 0.738-1.399; P=0.922], ORR (RR=1.048; 95% CI, 0.969-1.133; P=0.239) and BCS (RR=1.764; 95% CI, 0.734-4.239; P=0.205). However, vinorelbine-based regimens were associated with a lower incidence of grade 3-4 alopecia (OR, 0.617; 95% CI, 0.448-0.848; P=0.003). In a hierarchical analysis for patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the proportion of subjects achieving pCR was significantly increased when HER2-amplified (RR=2.31; 95% CI, 1.20-4.43; P=0.01) and hormone receptor negative (RR=0.488; 95% CI, 0.263-0.908; P=0.023). The present review confirms that neoadjuvant chemotherapy vinorelbine-based regimens are unlikely to emerge as superior to pCR, ORR and BCS. Hierarchical analysis indicated that the HER2-amplified and hormone receptor-negative patients were significantly associated with a pathological response rate.
Core1 beta1,3-galactosyltransferase (C1GALT1) is an essential glycotransferase controlling the elongation of GalNAc-type O-glycosylation and its altered expression contributes tumor progression in various cancers. However, the mechanism how C1GALT1 influences gliomas remains unclear. Hereour results from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database, The Chinese Glioma Genome Atlas (CGGA) database and the Clinical Proteomic Tumor Analysis Consortium (CPTAC) database showed that the expression of C1GALT1 was increased in higher grade gliomas namely glioblastoma compared with low grade gliomas or non-tumor tissues and significantly associated with poor survival. Downregulation of C1GALT1 suppressed cell proliferation, invasion, and migration in glioma cell lines. Consistent with the result in vitro, C1GALT1 knockdown distinctly inhibited the weight and tumor growth in nude mice. Mechanistically, C1GALT1 knockdown decreased the level of terminal galactose O-glycosylation and phosphorylation on epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Moreover, The AKT/ERK phosphorylation was attenuated in C1GALT1 knockdown cells. And C1GALT1 knockdown decreased the expression of cyclinD1, matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9) through the AKT/ERK signaling pathway Furthermore, transcription factor SP1 which the expression was found to be associated the C1GALT1 expression could bind to the promoter of C1GALT1 gene and regulated its expression. In conclusion, our data show that C1GALT1 enhances the progression of glioma by regulated the O-glycosylation and phosphorylation of EGFR and the subsequent downstream AKT/ERK signaling pathway. Therefore, C1GALT1 represents a potential target for the diagnosis and treatment of glioma.
The human epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (HER) family consists of four receptors that bind to ligands sharing an EGF-like motif. The HER family of receptor tyrosine kinases and their ligands (EGF family) are known to play a significant role in gastrointestinal cancer. In particular, the EGF receptor, HER1, is one of the main candidates for the molecular-targeted therapy of colon cancer, and HER2 is a candidate for the treatment of gastric cancer which overexpresses HER2. In contrast, the role of the HER and EGF families in malignant lymphoma has not been fully elucidated. In this study, we investigated the expression and function of the HER and EGF families in lymphoma cell lines and tumor samples. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction revealed that the ligands for HER1 were mainly expressed in gastric cancer and colon cancer cell lines, but not in lymphoma cell lines. On the other hand, the EGF family member, neuregulin (NRG) 4, was highly expressed in lymphoma cell lines. Immunohistochemical analyses of malignant lymphoma clinical samples revealed that NRG4 and HER4 were mainly expressed in mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) and follicular lymphoma. Immunoprecipitation of Raji and Daudi cell lines revealed that recombinant NRG4 induced the tyrosine phosphorylation of HER4. Additionally, recombinant NRG4 activated the proliferation of lymphoma cell lines. These findings suggest that the NRG4-HER4 axis plays a major role in the proliferation of malignant lymphoma cells in the gastrointestinal tract.
Post-mastectomy radiotherapy (PMRT) is highly recommended for patients with breast cancer with one to three positive nodes; however, there remains some controversy regarding its use. The present retrospective study aimed to explore which patients may be able to avoid PMRT and its associated side effects. A total of 728 patients with T1-2N1 breast cancer who were treated with or without PMRT were included in the present study. The results suggested that PMRT significantly decreased the locoregional recurrence rate (LRR) [hazard ratio (HR)=5.602, 95% confidence interval (CI)=3.139-9.998, P<0.01; 3-year LRR: 4 vs. 17%] and improved overall survival (OS) (HR=0.651, 95% CI=0.437-0.971, P=0.03; 3-year OS: 91 vs. 87%) for patients with T1-2N1 breast cancer. By contrast, PMRT had no significant effect on the distant metastasis (DM) rate (HR=0.691, 95% CI=0.468-1.019, P=0.06; 3-year DM: 10 vs. 15%). Further stratified analysis revealed that PMRT did not reduce the LRR and DM, or improve OS in patients aged </=35 years or in those with a positive human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2) status. The analysis of 438 patients treated with PMRT revealed that patients aged </=35 years or those with a positive HER-2 status were more likely to experience local recurrence even following PMRT. Thus, the benefits of using PMRT in patients with T1-2N1 breast cancer who are aged </=35 years or in those with a positive HER-2 status need to be carefully considered. Further studies are required to confirm whether this patient group may be exempted from PMRT.
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to analyse the impact of adjuvant trastuzumab on fatigue, emotional status, and quality of personal and work life of patients treated for localised breast cancer. METHODS: In a prospective setting, we recruited age-matched localised breast cancer patients, treated by adjuvant chemotherapy with (group 1) or without IV trastuzumab (group 2), between September 2011 and May 2014. Patients completed questionnaires on quality of life (FACT-G, FACT-B), fatigue (FACIT-F, ICQ), anxiety-depression (HADS), and work life (dedicated self-questionnaire) at inclusion then at 3, 6, 9, and 15 months. RESULTS: We included 35 patients in each group. No significant difference was found between the two groups concerning return to work, fatigue, and quality of life scores at each phase of the study. In total, 39 patients (72.2%) reported having returned to work at T15, with no significant difference between the two groups (p = 0.53). Significantly higher scores for'helplessness' outcomes were observed in group 1, 9, and 15 months (6.138 and 5.731; p = 0.047 and 0.048, respectively). Patients in group 1 reported higher score of anxiety-depression than group 2 at 3 months (p = 0.027) then no significant difference was observed at the other times of the study. CONCLUSION: Trastuzumab does not appear to affect fatigue and return to work in patients with localised breast cancer. The emotional well-being could be affected in patients treated by trastuzumab, with a more pronounced 'helplessness' feeling which could be more related to the additional follow-up imposed by the prescription of trastuzumab.
BACKGROUND: The efficacy of osimertinib in previously EGFR-TKI-treated NSCLC without identification of T790M mutational status remains unclear in real-world practice. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 417 patients had stage III-IV NSCLC harboring EGFR mutation and 154 out of 417 patients receiving osimertinib as >/= second-line EGFR-TKI were identified. The time to treatment failure and risk of death were analyzed. RESULTS: Higher risk of death was found in EGFR-mutant patients with age >/= 65 years, non-adenocarcinoma, no surgery or radiation, non-exon 19 deletion/exon 21 L858R, higher ECOG PS (2-4), PD-L1 expression >/= 50%, and bone/liver/adrenal metastasis (all p < 0.05). Osimertinib as >/= second-line TKI in patients with/without identification of T790M revealed lower risk of death compared to first-line first/second generation TKI without subsequent osimertinib (p = 0.0002; 0.0232, respectively). However, osimertinib-treated patients with T790M did not have superior survival than those without (p = 0.2803). A higher risk of treatment failure for osimertinib was found in males, patients with first-line TKI duration </= 12 months, BMI drop > 10%, and PD-L1 expression >/= 50% (All p < 0.05). Nonetheless, osimertinib as >/= second-line TKI in patients without identification of 790 M did not have higher risk of treatment failure than those with T790M (p = 0.1236). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that osimertinib as second line or subsequent TKI in EGFR-TKI-treated patients without identification of T790M revealed lower risk of death compared to first-line first/second generation TKI without subsequent osimertinib, in real-world practice. Additionally, EGFR-mutant patients with PD-L1 expression >/= 50% had a higher risk of treatment failure for osimertinib and worse overall survival than those with PD-L1 expression < 50%. These results suggest that osimertinib as second line or subsequent TKI may be a potential alternative option for the treatment of patients without identification of T790M and PD-L1 expression >/= 50% is associated with a significantly poor outcome in patients receiving osimertinib.
BACKGROUND: Testing for genetic abnormalities in epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR), anaplastic lymphoma receptor tyrosine kinase (ALK), and potentially additional genes is a critical tool in the care of advanced NSCLC. There is conflicting evidence for the role of such tests in early NSCLC. We report a single-institute Sequenom testing for a wide range of mutations and their clinical correlations in early-resected NSCLC specimens. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Early NSCLC paraffin-embedded, formalin-fixed (FFPE) specimens were collected, DNA extracted, and using Sequenom-based matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight analysis, mutations in 22 oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes were evaluated. Clinical data was collected retrospectively. RESULTS: The technique was found to be feasible. Thirty-six of 96 patients (37.5%) had any genetic abnormality identified, and 8 (8.3%) had 2 or more mutations. Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) and EGFR were the most common genes to appear mutated (15.6%); phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, catalytic subunit alpha (PIK3CA) was the gene to be found most commonly in tumors with co-mutations. Transversions were found mostly in KRAS gene mutations and to be nonprognostic. No difference in the spectrum of mutations was found between squamous-cell and non-squamous-cell lung cancers. Ever-smokers showed a trend for worse prognosis, with a similar spectrum of mutations. CONCLUSION: Sequenom-based mutation screen is feasible using FFPE samples. More than a third of the patients were found to harbor some genetic abnormality, and 8% were found to have more than a single mutated gene. Wide-range gene screens using large sample depositories are required for further insight into the important genes at play in early NSCLC.
Intratumor heterogeneity within a single tumor mass is one of the hallmarks of malignancy and has been reported in various tumor types. The molecular characterization of intratumor heterogeneity in breast cancer is a significant challenge for effective treatment. Using single-cell RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) data from a public resource, an ERBB pathway activated triple-negative cell population was identified. The differential expression of three subtyping marker genes (ERBB2, ESR1, and PGR) was not changed in the bulk RNA-seq data, but the single-cell transcriptomes showed intratumor heterogeneity. This result shows that ERBB signaling is activated using an indirect route and that the molecular subtype is changed on a single-cell level. Our data propose a different view on breast cancer subtypes, clarifying much confusion in this field and contributing to precision medicine.
A section of gastric cancers presents nuclear beta-catenin accumulation correlated with H. pylori infection. H. pylori stimulate Wnt/beta-catenin pathway by activating oncogenic c-Met and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), or by inhibiting tumor suppressor Runx3 and Trefoil factor 1 (TFF1). H. pylori also trigger Wnt/beta-catenin pathway by recruiting macrophages. Moreover, Wnt/beta-catenin pathway is found involved in H. pylori-induced gastric cancer stem cell generation. Recently, by using gastroids, researchers have further revealed that H. pylori induce gastric epithelial cell proliferation through beta-catenin. These findings indicate that Wnt/beta-catenin is an oncogenic pathway activated by H. pylori. Therefore, this pathway is a potential therapy target for H. pylori-related gastric cancer.
BACKGROUND: Limited evidence exists on real-world outcomes with ado-trastuzumab emtansine (T-DM1) treatment and the effectiveness of subsequent therapies. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated treatment patterns and outcomes of patients treated with T-DM1 and post-T-DM1 therapy in the United States. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Adult patients with HER2-positive (HER2+) metastatic breast cancer (mBC) initiating treatment with T-DM1 between 1/1/2013 and 9/30/2018 were included and followed through 12/31/2018. Data were obtained from the iKnowMed electronic health record. Demographic, clinical, and pre- and post-T-DM1 treatment characteristics were described. The Kaplan-Meier method was used to estimate time to treatment discontinuation (TTD) and overall survival (OS). RESULTS: Of 318 patients treated with T-DM1, 184 (57.9%) had prior treatment with pertuzumab. The median age was 58 years. Most patients had visceral disease (93.4%), and 62.3% had two or more prior treatments for mBC before T-DM1 (range 0-9). The most common subsequent regimens were trastuzumab + vinorelbine (22.5%), HER2-targeted monotherapy (22.5%), and trastuzumab + other chemotherapy (19.6%). Median TTD with T-DM1 was 5.9 months (95% confidence interval [CI] 4.6-6.9); median OS from the start of T-DM1 therapy was 19.2 months (95% CI 16.8-24.5). CONCLUSIONS: Patients treated with T-DM1 in this study appeared to have more advanced disease than patients in clinical trials and were treated in later lines of therapy. Variability was observed across subsequent therapy selections. Treatment patterns and outcomes appeared comparable for patients who received prior pertuzumab. The short treatment durations and survival with T-DM1 therapy in the real-world setting underscore the need for effective post-trastuzumab therapies.
The success of molecular target-based cancer therapy exampled by Herceptin targeting Her2 indicates that cancer immunotherapy involves identifying and targeting key molecular drivers of cancer. Recently, the human Cripto, a founding member of the epidermal growth factor-Cripto-FRL1-Cryptic (EGF-CFC) protein family has been demonstrated to be a unique molecule and could be targeted by anti-Cripto monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of cancer. Cripto plays an important role in embryonic development, tumorigenesis, cancer cell proliferation and survival. Cripto is upregulated in most epithelial cancers but is absent or weakly expressed in normal cells. Cripto expression is associated with tumorigenesis and invasion. Cripto is also involved in tumor metastasis, which is strongly supported by the recent discovery that the phenotypic changes of increased motility and invasiveness of cancer cells are reminiscent of the epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) that occurs during embryonic development. In this review, we emphasize that the EGF-like region of Cripto plays a critical role in Cripto signaling-mediated tumor growth and EMT. Therefore the EGF-like region should be regarded as a therapeutic point for monoclonal antibody (MAb) intervention. The mechanisms of action of these MAbs to the EGF-like region of Cripto are most likely through intervention of c-Src signaling. The CFC region of Cripto is another region to be targeted for treatment of cancer, as the Cripto can bind to activin B through the CFC region to stimulate cell proliferation. The MAbs to the CFC region block the binding of Cripto and activin B and result in an inhibition of cell growth. Therefore the MAbs to Cripto may be of value in the treatment of various cancers.
OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the associations of CD8+, PARP, and EGFR expressions with two-year survival in patients with triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted in a national cancer center. All patients aged 18 years diagnosed with TNBC (2013-2017) were included and followed for 24 months or until the patients were deceased. Kaplan-Meier survival function and Cox proportional hazard model were applied for the analyses. RESULTS: The study population was followed for 24 months (2,692 person-months, N = 126). At the end of the follow-up, 27 patients were deceased. The two-year mortality rate was 10 per 1,000 person-month. Kaplan-Meier graphs showed that after approximately one year of follow-up, poorer survival was seen in patients with low CD8+, positive PARP, and positive EGFR. The adjusted analysis found staging as the main predictor of overall survival in TNBC (HR = 7.20, 95% CI= 2.07 - 25.00). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with low CD8+, positive PARP, and positive EGFR expressions seem to be associated with poorer overall survival in TNBC. After approximately one year of follow-up, higher survival was observed in patients with high CD8+, negative PARP, and negative EGFR. Staging remains the main predictor of TNBC survival. Therefore, early detection and treatment of TNBC are essential to improve survival.
Patient-derived xenografts (PDXs) are tumour fragments engrafted into mice for preclinical studies. PDXs offer clear advantages over simpler in vitro cancer models - such as cancer cell lines (CCLs) and organoids - in terms of structural complexity, heterogeneity, and stromal interactions. Here, we characterise 231 colorectal cancer PDXs at the genomic, transcriptomic, and epigenetic levels, along with their response to cetuximab, an EGFR inhibitor used clinically for metastatic colorectal cancer. After evaluating the PDXs' quality, stability, and molecular concordance with publicly available patient cohorts, we present results from training, interpreting, and validating the integrative ensemble classifier CeSta. This model takes in input the PDXs' multi-omic characterisation and predicts their sensitivity to cetuximab treatment, achieving an area under the receiver operating characteristics curve > 0.88. Our study demonstrates that large PDX collections can be leveraged to train accurate, interpretable drug sensitivity models that: (1) better capture patient-derived therapeutic biomarkers compared to models trained on CCL data, (2) can be robustly validated across independent PDX cohorts, and (3) could contribute to the development of future therapeutic biomarkers.
Erlotinib is a reversible tyrosine kinase inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (TKI EGFR). In Poland, as of July 2012, it is used in the treatment only of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and with EGFR mutation gene after standard chemotherapy failure. The effectiveness of erlotinib in second- or third-line treatment of NSCLC patients without EGFR activating mutation gene remains debatable. Clinical trial results indicated that TKI EGFR showed an efficacy of 7080% in patients with EGFR mutations, while the clinical response to treatment among unselected Caucasian patients is only 10%. The present study was conducted in a group of 71 patients with inoperable, locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC treated with erlotinib as the second- or third-line therapy. Molecular tests (examination of EGFR mutation and gene amplification) were carried out retrospectively. Objective response rate, overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) were calculated. Effects of clinical and molecular factors including the presence of EGFR mutations, EGFR gene amplification, patient performance status, rash, smoking status, time from diagnosis to start of therapy, weight loss and the serum LDH levels were analyzed. An objective response in the form of partial response occurred in only 5 patients (7%), who carried EGFR gene mutation. Median time to PFS for the entire group of patients was 1.5 months and median OS was 10 months. The strongest factors increasing the risk of progression in patients treated with erlotinib were the absence of activating mutations in the EGFR gene (6fold increased risk) and no treatmentrelated rash (4.5fold increased risk). The most important factors affecting the risk of early mortality were poor performance status (HR 37.344; P>0.0001), no treatment-related rash (HR 14.9348; P=0.0002) and a short response time on the first-line chemotherapy (HR 9.519; P=0.0445).
Calprotectin is a protein molecule that is released from inflammatory cells. Measurement of calprotectin in various body fluids has recently gained significant importance for differentiating inflammatory and noninflammatory events. The subject has aroused interest in the field of nephrology and some renal pathologies in which urinary calprotectin levels have been studied. In this study, the measurement of urinary calprotectin level and its use for determining acute cisplatin nephrotoxicity in a group of patients with non-small cell lung cancer who received cisplatin-based oncological treatments have been investigated. The study included 41 patients who received cisplatin-based treatments for non-small cell lung cancer between January 2019 and January 2020. The patients were excluded from this study who were with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 mL/min/1.73 m2, serum creatinine (sCr) >1.5 mg/dL, a history of urinary tract infection, and nephrotoxic drug use in the past month. Baseline and 48-hour sCr values and baseline, 6-hour, 12-hour, 24-hour, and 48-hour urinary calprotectin levels of all patients were measured. Four of the 41 patients who received cisplatin treatment were excluded because their 48-hour sCr values could not be accessed. The control group included 29 patients. While there was no difference between the cisplatin group and the control group in terms of baseline sCr and eGFR values, the cisplatin group had significantly higher urinary calprotectin values. Of the 37 patients treated with cisplatin, 7 (18.9%) developed cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity. The comparison of groups with (group 1) and without cisplatin nephrotoxicity (group 2) showed comparable mean age and male sex ratio. Baseline sCr and eGFR values were similar in both groups. The cisplatin-induced nephrotoxicity group had significantly higher 48-hour sCr and significantly lower 48-hour eGFR values. Baseline, 12-hour, 24-hour, and 48-hour urinary calprotectin levels were similar in groups with and without cisplatin nephrotoxicity. Recent studies have demonstrated that urinary calprotectin level measurement can be used to distinguish intrinsic acute kidney disease from prerenal kidney disease. However, the comparison of groups with and without cisplatin nephrotoxicity in our study showed no difference in urinary calprotectin levels. However, there is a need for large-scale studies using combined urinary biomarkers.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women worldwide, with significant advances in understanding its multifactorial nature in recent years. The complex structure of molecular and cellular interactions in cancer pathophysiology presents challenges for developing effective treatments. One theoretical model used to study these interactions is the Graph model or Complex Networks, which uses mathematical methods to create graphical figures by connecting vertices (factors) through edges (interactions). This study uses the graph model to determine the complex interactions within the tumour microenvironment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Through a narrative review, 37 factors involved in the pathophysiology of HER2-positive breast cancer were identified and incorporated into a complex network design, starting with the HER2 vertex. The impact of each vertex was determined by calculating the relative error, and a knockout (KO) analysis of vertices was performed to identify their influences within the network. The Wilcoxon test was used to analyze the statistical significance of each KO. Significant alterations in the network structure were observed with the KOs of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPMMP2, MMP9, cyclin-dependent kinases 4/6, TWIST, vascular endothelial growth factor and transforming growth factor-beta. Notably, the KOs of (MMPs) MMP2 and MMP9 significantly impacted the network structure and downregulated the HER2 vertex. This raises questions about the potential applicability of targeting MMPs, including the option of HER2-directed antibody-drug conjugates. Could a metalloprotease inhibitor be a good choice for conjugation? Despite the theoretical nature of this model, the results suggest potential avenues for therapeutic intervention.
PURPOSE: Apatinib resistance is the main obstacle to the effective treatment of advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). This study aimed to evaluate the function of Erb-B2 receptor tyrosine kinase 2 (ERBB2) and stimulator of interferon response cGAMP interactor (STING) in apatinib resistance in HNSCC. METHOD: The Cancer Genome Atlas database of HNSCC was used to analyze the relationship between vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2) expression and prognosis. An apatinib resistant (AR) HNSCC cell line was constructed based on the CAL27 cell line. RNA sequencing was performed to explore the differentially expressed mRNAs. Quantitative real-time reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) and western blotting were used to evaluate the expression and phosphorylation level VEGFR2, ERBB2, STING, and related proteins. Apatinib resistance was evaluated by colony formation and cell viability assays. A mouse subcutaneous tumor formation model was established to evaluate the efficiency of combination treatment and vascularization was evaluated by assessing CD31 immunofluorescence. RESULT: The expression of VEGFR2 was high in tumor of patients with HNSCC. Western blotting and qRT-PCR revealed that in AR cells, ERBB2 expression was high, whereas the expression of STING was low. Targeted treatment of ERBB2 using lapatinib could attenuate apatinib resistance. Further research confirmed that overexpressing STING could decrease ERBB2 expression. CONCLUSION: STING could sensitize AR cells to apatinib by decreasing ERBB2 expression. The combination of lapatinib or a STING agonist with apatinib ameliorated acquired apatinib resistance in a synergistic manner.
PURPOSE: Alanine-serine-cysteine transporter 2 (ASCT2) expression has been demonstrated as a promising lung cancer biomarker. (2S,4R)-4-[(18)F]Fluoroglutamine (4-[(18)F]fluoro-Gln) positron emission tomography (PET) was evaluated in preclinical models of non-small cell lung cancer as a quantitative, non-invasive measure of ASCT2 expression. PROCEDURES: In vivo microPET studies of 4-[(18)F]fluoro-Gln uptake were undertaken in human cell line xenograft tumor-bearing mice of varying ASCT2 levels, followed by a genetically engineered mouse model of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mutant lung cancer. The relationship between a tracer accumulation and ASCT2 levels in tumors was evaluated by IHC and immunoblotting. RESULT: 4-[(18)F]Fluoro-Gln uptake, but not 2-deoxy-2-[(18)F]fluoro-D-glucose, correlated with relative ASCT2 levels in xenograft tumors. In genetically engineered mice, 4-[(18)F]fluoro-Gln accumulation was significantly elevated in lung tumors, relative to normal lung and cardiac tissues. CONCLUSIONS: 4-[(18)F]Fluoro-Gln PET appears to provide a non-invasive measure of ASCT2 expression. Given the potential of ASCT2 as a lung cancer biomarker, this and other tracers reflecting ASCT2 levels could emerge as precision imaging diagnostics in this setting.
A novel series of 3-benzyl-substituted-4(3H)-quinazolinones were designed, synthesized and evaluated for their in vitro antitumor activity. The results of this study demonstrated that 2-(3-benzyl-6-methyl-4-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-2-ylthio)-N-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)acetamide, 2-(3-benzyl-6,7-dimethoxy-4-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-2-ylthio)-N-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)acetamide and 3-(3-benzyl-6-methyl-4-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinazolin-2-ylthio)-N-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)-propanamide have shown amazing broad spectrum antitumor activity with mean GI(50) (10.47, 7.24 and 14.12 microM. respectively), and are nearly 1.5-3.0-fold more potent compared with the positive control 5-FU with mean GI50, 22.60 microM. On the other hand, compounds 6 and 10 yielded selective activities toward CNS, renal and breast cancer cell lines, whereas compound 9 showed selective activities towards leukemia cell lines. Molecular docking methodology was performed for compounds 7 and 8 into ATP binding site of EGFR-TK which showed similar binding mode to erlotinib, while compound 11 into ATP binding site of B-RAF kinase inhibited the growth of melanoma cell lines through inhibition of B-RAF kinase, similar to PLX4032.
BACKGROUND: Rising cancer drug prices adversely affect patients' adherence and survival. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to identify and quantify factors associated with launch prices and post-launch price changes of injectable cancer drugs in the US from 2005 to 2023. DATA AND METHODS: All anticancer drugs with US FDA approval between 2000 and 2022 were identified in the Drugs@FDA database. The sample was then restricted to cancer drugs covered under Medicare Part B (injectable drugs). Data characterizing each drug's clinical benefits, disease epidemiology, approved indications, competition, and price were obtained from FDA labels, the Global Burden of Disease study, and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. The association between launch/post-launch prices and collected variables was assessed in random-effects regressions. RESULTS: Of 170 cancer drugs with FDA approval between 2000 and 2022, we identified 66 (39%) injectable cancer drugs with quarterly price data from 2005 to 2023. In 2023, mean prices amounted to $27,688 per month, with an average price increase of 94% from 2005 to 2023. Launch and post-launch price changes were significantly associated with the treated disease epidemiology. A 1% decline in disease incidence was associated with a 0.2511% (p = 0.008) increase in launch prices and a 0.0086% (p = 0.032) annual increase in post-launch prices. Accordingly, launch prices were 120% (p = 0.051) higher for orphan than non-orphan drugs, with 3% (p = 0.008) greater annual post-launch price increases. Post-launch prices declined by up to -2% annually as new supplemental indications were approved for the same drug. We found no consistent association between launch/post-launch prices and the drugs' clinical benefit in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival, and tumor response. The market entry of new competitors was not associated with price reductions. 28 of 33 drug pairs within the same class had positive correlation coefficients. Pearson correlation coefficients were high (>0.80) for PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, CD38 antibodies, CD20 antibodies, HER2 antibodies, and mTOR inhibitors. CONCLUSIONS: Cancer drug prices regularly increase faster than inflation; however, there is no evidence that launch prices and post-launch price changes are aligned with the clinical benefit a drug offers to patients. In particular, patients with rare diseases experience greater price increases for their orphan drugs. There is no evidence that brand-brand competition results in drug price reductions.
Gastric cancer is the fourth most common cancer worldwide and the leading cause of tumor-related death in China. Gastric cancer is a heterogeneous disease and therefore requires different treatments based on the subtype. We describe a patient who had gastric cancer with liver metastases. Biopsy and tumor analysis using the HercepTest revealed a human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive adenocarcinoma as confirmed by fluorescence in situ hybridization. The patient was treated with a regimen of trastuzumab, oxaliplatin, and S-1 (six cycles). When positron emission tomography findings suggested that the metastases had resolved, the patient underwent surgery. Histopathologically, no cancer cells were observed in the resected hepatic tissue. The patient underwent tumor resection surgery, during which the tumor and gastric lymph nodes with lesions were removed. The patient has remained disease-free for 3 months. Therefore, trastuzumab may be an effective agent in the chemotherapeutic treatment of liver metastases in patients with HER2-positive gastric adenocarcinoma.
OBJECTIVE: Although KRAS mutation status has been identified as a strong predictor of response to anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) therapies, not all wild-type patients respond. The lethal-7 (let-7) family of microRNAs regulates KRAS activity. A functional polymorphism (rs61764370) has been described in the let-7 complementary site (LCS6). We hypothesized a possible association between this KRAS let-7 LCS6 polymorphism and the response to anti-EGFR treatments in KRAS and BRAF wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer patients (mCRC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied the association of the KRAS let-7 LCS6 polymorphism with the response in 100 refractory mCRC patients treated with anti-EGFR antibodies. To assess the real effect of this polymorphism in relation to the treatment administered, we also studied this association in an independent cohort of patients treated exclusively with chemotherapy. The KRAS let-7 LCS6 polymorphism was genotyped using the BioMark system in blood and tumor DNA samples. The BRAF V600E mutation was analyzed in tumor samples. RESULTS: The KRAS let-7 LCS6 G-allele showed a statistically significant association with nonresponse to anti-EGFR-based treatment: 31.9% of patients with the T/T genotype presented a complete or a partial response versus no patients with T/G or G/G genotypes (P=0.004). No statistically significant differences were observed in the patients who received chemotherapy only. CONCLUSION: These data support the pharmacogenetic role of the KRAS let-7 LCS6 polymorphism in predicting the efficacy of anti-EGFR-based therapy in mCRC patients with the KRAS and the BRAF wild-type genotype.
Targeted therapies have improved cure rates and prolonged survival in metastasised breast cancer. The most important new molecular targets in breast cancer therapy are epidermal growth factor receptor (ErbB) family signalling, DNA repair pathways and angiogenesis. Blocking ErbB2 signalling with anti-ErbB2 antibodies or ErbB2 kinase inhibitors is effective in both the adjuvant and the palliative treatment of ErbB2 positive breast cancer. Poly-ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitors lead to synthetic lethality in double strand repair deficient tumours. Anti-VEGF antibodies reduce tumour-induced angiogenesis and prolong progression-free survival in breast cancer. The use of both PARP inhibitors and antiangiogenic therapy is currently hampered by a lack of predictive biomarkers. In contrast, predictive markers are available for ErbB family signalling. This review is intended to give a concise summary of recent developments in the therapy of breast cancer with a focus on new, targeted therapies.
Objectives: The results of a CHOICE-1 study demonstrated the superior efficacy of toripalimab (anti-PD-1 antibody) plus chemotherapy for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), with a manageable safety profile. This study was performed to evaluate the economic value of this treatment for this patient population from the Chinese payer's perspective. Materials and methods: Basic data were derived from the CHOICE-1 study. Markov models were developed to simulate the process of advanced NSCLC, including the progression-free survival (PFS), progressive disease (PD), and death in intention-to-treat (ITT) populations, as well as patients with squamous or non-squamous NSCLC. The cost was obtained from the local institution, and the value of utilities referred to previous studies. Monte Carlo simulations were performed to depict the probabilistic scatter plots of the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) and acceptability curves, aiming to address the uncertainty of model inputs. Results: Compared with standard chemotherapy, toripalimab plus chemotherapy yields an ICER of $21,563 per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) in the ITT population. For patients with squamous NSCLC, comparing the combined therapy with chemotherapy led to an ICER of $18,369 per QALY, while the ICER was $24,754 per QALY in patients with non-squamous NSCLC. With the threshold of willingness to pay we set ($37,653 per QALY), toripalimab plus chemotherapy was cost-effective in these patient populations. Conclusion: For patients with advanced NSCLC, toripalimab plus chemotherapy was an optimal choice as first-line treatment, regardless of histology.
PURPOSE: Histologic change is a resistant mechanism in lung cancer. The most common histological change is the switch from adenocarcinoma (AdenoCa) to small cell carcinoma (SCC) against to tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI). However, it is not clear whether other treatment modalities are involved in the histologic changes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We investigated histological changes in eight cases, after various treatments, and compared the molecular profiles between primary tumors and changed tumors using exome sequencing where tissue was available. RESULTS: Three cases of AdenoCa that were changed into SCC retained the initial mutations after TKI and/or surgical treatment. After treatment with TKI and immunotherapy, an EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor)-mutant AdenoCa changed to squamous cell carcinoma (SqCa). SqCa in a patient treated with surgery was changed into combined AdenoCa and SqCa. These two cases showed the same genetic variations between the two distinct non-small cell carcinomas (NSCC). Three patients experienced two histologic changes, which the changed tumors returned to its original subtype or changed to a combined tumor after treatments. Four cases showed combined histology in the first or second change. CONCLUSION: The histology of NSCC can be changed to a single pattern or combined subtypes after various treatment modalities, and the phenotypic changes seem not fixed. Therefore, additional morphologic changes may occur regardless of their genetic status and types of treatments. To refine the new treatment strategy, consecutive repeated biopsies in progressive disease or recurrent tumor are necessary.
De novo resistance to endocrine therapy is a near-universal feature of oestrogen receptor (ER)- negative breast cancer. Although many ER-positive breast cancers also show no response to tamoxifen or aromatase inhibitors on objective clinical grounds the large majority show reduced proliferation indicating that some oestrogen dependence is present in almost all ER-positive breast cancer. In neoadjuvant studies HER2 positivity is associated with poor response rates to tamoxifen but not aromatase inhibitors, consistent with preclinical models. Acquired resistance to tamoxifen is associated with decreases in ER positivity but most recurrent lesions remain ER-positive. A small proportion of these show increased HER2 expression and in these patients increased phospho-p38 may contribute to the tamoxifen-resistant phenotype. There is an unfortunate paucity of clinical and biological data on acquired resistance to aromatase inhibitors.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate if moderate chronic kidney disease [CKD; estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) ] is associated with high rates of non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC) recurrence or progression. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A multi-institutional database identified patients with serum creatinine values prior to first transurethral resection of bladder tumour (TURBT). The CKD-epidemiology collaboration formula calculated patient eGFR. Cox proportional hazards models evaluated associations with recurrence-free (RFS) and progression-free survival (PFS). RESULTS: In all, 727 patients were identified with a median (interquartile range [IQR]) patient age of 69.8 (60.1-77.6) years. Data for eGFR were available for 632 patients. During a median (IQR) follow-up of 3.7 (1.5-6.5) years, 400 (55%) patients had recurrence and 145 (19.9%) patients had progression of tumour stage or grade. Moderate or severe CKD was identified in 183 patients according to eGFR. Multivariable analysis identified an eGFR of <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (hazard ratio [HR] 1.5, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.2-1.9; P = 0.002) as a predictor of tumour recurrence. The 5-year RFS rate was 46% for patients with an eGFR of >/=60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and 27% for patients with an eGFR of <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (P < 0.001). Multivariable analysis showed that an eGFR of <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (HR 3.7, 95% CI: 1.75-7.94; P = 0.001) was associated with progression to muscle-invasive disease. The 5-year PFS rate was 83% for patients with an eGFR of >/=60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and 71% for patients with an eGFR of <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Moderate CKD at first TURBT is associated with reduced RFS and PFS. Patients with reduced renal function should be considered for increased surveillance.
PURPOSE: In a substantial population of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), expression and activation of EGF receptor (EGFR) have been reported and is regarded as a novel molecular target. A growing body of evidence has shown the signaling crosstalk between EGFR and integrins in cellular migration and invasion. NEDD9 is an integrin signaling adaptor protein composed of multiple domains serving as substrate for a variety of tyrosine kinases. In the present study, we aimed at elucidating a role of NEDD9 in the signaling crosstalk between EGFR and integrins. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Using NSCLC cell lines, we conducted immunoblotting and cellular migration/invasion assay in vitro. Next, we analyzed metastasis assays in vivo by the use of xenograft transplantation model. Finally, we retrospectively evaluated clinical samples and records of patients with NSCLCs. RESULTS: We showed that tyrosine phosphorylation of NEDD9 was reduced by the inhibition of EGFR in NSCLC cell lines. Overexpression of constitutively active EGFR caused tyrosine phosphorylation of NEDD9 in the absence of integrin stimulation. By gene transfer and gene knockdown, we showed that NEDD9 plays a pivotal role in cell migration and invasion of those cells in vitro. Furthermore, overexpression of NEDD9 promoted lung metastasis of an NSCLC cell line in NOD/Shi-scid, IL-2Rgamma(null) mice (NOG) mice. Finally, univariate and multivariate Cox model analysis of NSCLC clinical specimens revealed a strong correlation between NEDD9 expression and recurrence-free survival as well as overall survival. CONCLUSION: Our data thus suggest that NEDD9 is a promising biomarker for the prognosis of NSCLCs and its expression can promote NSCLC metastasis.
Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the deadliest cancers worldwide and the only cancer with an increasing incidence in the United States. Recent advances in sequencing technology have enabled detailed profiling of liver cancer genomes and revealed extensive inter- and intra-tumor heterogeneity, making it difficult to identify driver genes for HCC. To identify HCC driver genes, we performed transposon mutagenesis screens in a mouse HBV model of HCC and discovered many candidate cancer genes (SB/HBV-CCGs). Here, we show that one of these genes, RNF125 is a potent anti-proliferative tumor suppressor gene in HCC. RNF125 is one of nine CCGs whose expression was >3-fold downregulated in human HCC. Depletion of RNF125 in immortalized mouse liver cells led to tumor formation in transplanted mice and accelerated growth of human liver cancer cell lines, while its overexpression inhibited their growth, demonstrating the tumor-suppressive function of RNF125 in mouse and human liver. Whole-transcriptome analysis revealed that RNF125 transcriptionally suppresses multiple genes involved in cell proliferation and/or liver regeneration, including Egfr, Met, and Il6r. Blocking Egfr or Met pathway expression inhibited the increased cell proliferation observed in RNF125 knockdown cells. In HCC patients, low expression levels of RNF125 were correlated with poor prognosis demonstrating an important role for RNF125 in HCC. Collectively, our results identify RNF125 as a novel anti-proliferative tumor suppressor in HCC.
The identification of prognostic determinants of colorectal cancer (CRC), including prediction of occult metastasis, is of urgent consideration, based on the tremendous differences in outcome and survival between patients who present with metastasis or develop metastasis versus those patients with organ-confined or nonrecurrent disease. Currently, a great deal of attention has been focused on using gene expression profiles of tumor specimens as a launch point for prognostic biomarker discovery. In our study, we chose to focus on functional protein-based pathway biomarkers as a new information archive because it is these proteins that form the functional signaling networks that control cell growth, motility, apoptosis, survival, and differentiation. We used reverse-phase protein microarray analysis of laser capture microdissected CRC tumor specimens to profile broad cell signaling pathways from patients who presented with liver metastasis versus patients who remained recurrence free after follow-up. Our results indicate that members of the EGFR and COX2 signaling pathways appear differentially activated in the primary tumors of patients with synchronous metastatic disease. If validated in larger study sets, this pathway defect might be useful as a prognostic clinical tool as well as a guide to potential therapeutic intervention strategies that target occult disease and/or preventative measure.
BACKGROUND: The combination of erlotinib, a first-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI), and ramucirumab, an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) antibody, is one of the most effective treatments for patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and EGFR mutation. However, little is known about the safety and efficacy of this combination treatment for patients with brain metastases. METHODS: This single arm, prospective, open-label, multicenter, phase II study will recruit 32 NSCLC patients with EGFR mutation (except for T790M mutation) and brain metastases (asymptomatic or mild symptoms). Patients will be treated with erlotinib at a dose of 150 mg/body once daily and ramucirumab at a dose of 10 mg/kg once every 2 weeks. The primary endpoint is intracranial overall response rate (iORR) and the secondary endpoints are intracranial disease control rate, intracranial progression-free survival (iPFS), extracranial ORR, extracranial PFS, ORR, overall PFS, overall survival (OS), and safety. The planned number of enrollments was calculated based on a one-sample binomial test (normal approximation) with a two-sided alpha level of 5% and 80% power, assuming that the expected iORR is 65% and the iORR threshold is 40%. DISCUSSION: A prospective study to confirm the safety and efficacy of the combined erlotinib plus ramucirumab treatment for NSCLC patients with EGFR mutation and brain metastases is ongoing. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Japan Registry of Clinical Trials, jRCTs051220059.
Mutations in KRAS and p53 signaling pathways contribute to loss of responsiveness to current therapies and a decreased survival in lung cancer. In this study, we have investigated the delivery and transfection of wild-type (wt-) p53 and microRNA-125b (miR-125b) expressing plasmid DNA, in SK-LU-1 human lung adenocarcinoma cells as well as in Kras(G12D)/p53(fl/fl) (KP) genetically engineered mouse model of lung cancer. Systemic plasmid DNA delivery with dual CD44/EGFR-targeted hyaluronic acid (HA)-based nanoparticles (NPs) resulted in a 2- to 20-fold increase in wt-p53 and miR-125b gene expression in SK-LU-1 cells. This resulted in enhanced apoptotic activity as seen with increased APAF-1 and caspase-3 gene expression. Similarly, in vivo evaluations in KP mouse model indicated successful CD44/EGFR-targeted delivery. Tumor growth inhibition and apoptotic induction were also observed with (wt-p53+miR125b) combination therapy in KP tumor model. Lastly, J774.A1 murine macrophages co-cultured with transfected SK-LU-1 cells showed a 14- to 35-fold increase in the iNOS-Arg-1 ratio, supportive of previous results demonstrating a role of miR-125b in macrophage repolarization. Overall, these results show tremendous promise of wt-p53 and miR-125b gene therapy using dual CD44/EGFR-targeting HA NP vector for effective treatment of lung cancer.
The development of targeted therapies has revolutionized cancer treatment, offering improved efficacy with reduced side effects compared with traditional chemotherapy. This review highlights the current landscape of targeted therapy in lung cancer, colorectal cancer, and prostate cancer, focusing on key molecular targets. Moreover, it aligns with US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved drugs and drug candidates. In lung cancer, mutations in the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene rearrangements have emerged as significant targets. FDA-approved drugs like osimertinib and crizotinib specifically inhibit these aberrant pathways, providing remarkable benefits in patients with EGFR-mutated or ALK-positive lung cancer. Colorectal cancer treatment has been shaped by targeting the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and EGFR. Bevacizumab and cetuximab are prominent FDA-approved agents that hinder VEGF and EGFR signaling, significantly enhancing outcomes in metastatic colorectal cancer patients. In prostate cancer, androgen receptor (AR) targeting is pivotal. Drugs like enzalutamide, apalutamide, and darolutamide effectively inhibit AR signaling, demonstrating efficacy in castration-resistant prostate cancer. This review further highlights promising targets like mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET), ROS1, BRAF, and poly(ADP-ribose) polymeras (PARP) in specific cancer subsets, along with ongoing clinical trials that continue to shape the future of targeted therapy.
BACKGROUND: Metastatic gastric cancer (GC) is an extremely fatal malignant disease. Human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) is an important therapeutic target in patients with HER2 overexpression or gene amplification. However, the prognostic value of HER2-low expression is still controversial. This study aims to investigate the effect of HER2 expression levels on clinicopathological characteristics and clinical outcomes in patients with metastatic GC. METHODS: The study included patients who had diagnosed de novo or recurrent metastatic GC from January 2011 to January 2023. We classified the patients into three categories based on their HER2 expression level: negative, low, and positive. RESULTS: The current study included 191 patients, with 99 (51.8%) classified as HER2-negative, 42 (22.2%) as HER2-low, and 50 (26.2%) as HER2-positive. There were significant differences in the primary origin of gastroesophageal junction (25.3%, 23.8%, and 44%), signet ring cell carcinoma (54.8%, 44.4%, and 16%), mucinous cell carcinoma (40.9%, 27.8%, and 12%), intestinal type histology (17.9%, 50%, and 48.9%), high carcinoembryonic antigen level (34.5%, 46.2%, and 56.5%), >2 metastatic sites (25.3%, 45.2%, and 42%), liver metastasis (33.3%, 42.9%, and 66%), peritoneal metastasis (44.4%, 28.6%, and 20%), and distant lymph node metastasis (53.5%, 83.3%, and 58%) among the HER2-negative, HER2-low, and HER2-positive groups, respectively. The HER2-low group had similar median overall survival (OS) compared to the HER2-negative group (14.8 vs. 14.5 months, p = 0.868), however, significantly shorter median OS than the HER2-positive group (14.8 vs. 18.6 months, p = 0.024). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrated that patients with HER2-low metastatic GC had different clinical and pathological features. The poorer survival rates of the HER2-low group compared to the HER2-positive group might be due to the lack of effective targeted treatments for HER2-low disease. Further research is warranted to develop specific therapeutic strategies for this subgroup.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy of first-generation single-agent epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy in advanced non-small-cell lung cancer patients with known EGFR mutation status, we undertook this pooled analysis. METHOD: We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, the Science Citation Index, and the American Society of Clinical Oncology annual meetings. RESULTS: Out of 2,129 retrieved articles, 19 RCTs enrolling 2,016 patients with wild-type EGFR tumors and 1,034 patients with mutant EGFR tumors were identified. For these EGFR mutant patients, single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy improved progression-free survival (PFS) over chemotherapy: the summary hazard ratios (HRs) were 0.41 (p < 0.001) for the first-line setting and 0.46 (p = 0.02) for the second-/third-line setting. For those EGFR wild-type patients, single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy did not do as well as chemotherapy in the first-line setting (HR = 1.65, p = 0.03) and in the second-/third-line setting (HR = 1.27, p = 0.006). No statistically significant difference was observed in terms of overall survival (OS). Using platinum-based doublet chemotherapy as a common comparator, indirect comparison showed the superior efficacy of single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy over EGFR-TKIs added to chemotherapy in PFS [HR = 1.35 (1.03, 1.77), p = 0.03]. Additionally, a marginal trend towards the same direction was found in the OS analysis [HR = 1.16 (0.99, 1.35), p = 0.06]. Interestingly, for those EGFR wild-type tumors, single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy was inferior to EGFR-TKIs added to chemotherapy in PFS [HR = 0.38 (0.33, 0.44), p < 0.001] and OS [HR = 0.83 (0.71, 0.97), p = 0.02]. CONCLUSIONS: For these EGFR mutant patients, single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy prolonged PFS over chemotherapy. However, single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy was inferior to chemotherapy in PFS for those EGFR wild-type patients. Single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy could improve PFS over the combination of EGFR-TKIs and chemotherapy in these EGFR mutant patients. However, EGFR-TKIs combined with chemotherapy could provide additive PFS and OS benefit over single-agent EGFR-TKI therapy in those EGFR wild-type patients.
We studied genomic alterations in 19 inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) patients with advanced disease using samples of tissue and paired blood serum or plasma (cell-free DNA, cfDNA) by targeted next generation sequencing (NGS). At diagnosis, the disease was triple negative (TN) in eleven patients (57.8%), ER+ Her2- IBC in six patients (31.6%), ER+ Her2+ IBC in one patient (5.3%), and ER- Her2+ IBC in one other patient (5.3%). Pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants were frequently detected in TP53 (47.3%), PMS2 (26.3%), MRE11 (26.3%), RB1 (10.5%), BRCA1 (10.5%), PTEN (10.5%) and AR (10.5%); other affected genes included PMS1, KMT2C, BRCA2, PALB2, MUTYH, MEN1, MSH2, CHEK2, NCOR1, PIK3CA, ESR1 and MAP2K4. In 15 of the 19 patients in which tissue and paired blood were collected at the same time point, 80% of the variants detected in tissue were also detected in the paired cfDNA. Higher concordance between tissue and cfDNA was found for variants with higher allele fraction in tissue (AF(tissue) >/= 5%). Furthermore, 86% of the variants detected in cfDNA were also detected in paired tissue. Our study suggests that the genetic profile measured in blood cfDNA is complementary to that of tumor tissue in IBC patients.
Kidney transplant recipients receiving calcineurin inhibitor-based immunosuppression incur increased long-term risks of cancer and kidney fibrosis. Switch to mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) inhibitors may reduce these risks. Steroid or Cyclosporin Removal After Transplant using Everolimus (SOCRATES), a 36-month, prospective, multinational, open-label, randomized controlled trial for de novo kidney transplant recipients, assessed whether everolimus switch could enable elimination of mycophenolate plus either steroids or CNI without compromising efficacy. Patients received cyclosporin, mycophenolate and steroids for the first 14 days then everolimus with mycophenolate and CNIwithdrawal (CNI-WD); everolimus with mycophenolate and steroid withdrawal (steroid-WD); or cyclosporin, mycophenolate and steroids (control). 126 patients were randomized. The steroid WD arm was terminated prematurely because of excess discontinuations. Mean eGFR at month 12 for CNI-WD versus control was 65.1 ml/min/1.73 m2 vs. 67.1 ml/min/1.73 m2 by ITT, which met predefined noninferiority criteria (P=0.026). The CNI-WD group experienced a higher rate of BPAR(31% vs. control 13%, P=0.048) and showed a trend towards higher composite treatment failure (BPAR, graft loss, death, loss to follow-up). The 12 month results from SOCRATES show noninferiority in eGFR, but a significant excess of acute rejection when everolimus was commenced at week 2 to enable a progressive withdrawal of mycophenolate and cyclosporin in kidney transplant recipients.
BACKGROUND: Metabolic reprogramming contributes to bladder cancer development. This study aimed to understand the role of SLC7A5 in bladder cancer. METHODS: We systematically analyzed the correlation between SLC7A5 and bladder cancer through various approaches, including bioinformatics, western blotting, cell cycle analysis, cell proliferation assays, and invasion experiments. We also investigated the immunological features within the tumor microenvironment (TME), encompassing cancer immune cycles, immune modulators, immune checkpoints, tumor-infiltrating immune cells (TIIC), T cell inflammation scores, and treatment responses. Additionally, for a comprehensive assessment of the expression patterns and immunological roles of SLC7A5, pan-cancer analysis was performed using cancer genomics datasets. RESULTS: SLC7A5 was associated with adverse prognosis in bladder cancer patients, activating the Wnt pathway and promoting bladder cancer cell cycle progression, proliferation, migration, and invasion. Based on the evidence that SLC7A5 positively correlated with immunomodulators, TIIC, the cancer immune cycle, immune checkpoint and T cell inflammation scores, we also found that SLC7A5 was associated with the inflammatory tumor immune microenvironment. EGFR-targeted therapy, cancer immunotherapy, and radiation therapy were effective for patients with high SLC7A5 expression in bladder cancer. Low SLC7A5 patients were, however, sensitive to targeted therapies and anti-angiogenic therapy, such as blocking beta-catenin network, PPAR-gamma and FGFR3 signaling. Anti-SLC7A5 combined with cancer immunotherapy may have greater effectiveness than either therapy alone. Furthermore, we observed specific overexpression of SLC7A5 in TME of various cancers. CONCLUSION: SLC7A5 can predict therapeutic response to immunotherapy, radiotherapy and chemotherapy in bladder cancer patients. Targeting SLC7A5 in combination with immunotherapy may be a potentially appropriate treatment option.
BACKGROUND: BCD-022 is a trastuzumab biosimilar which was shown to be equivalent to reference trastuzumab in a wide panel of physicochemical studies as well as preclinical studies in vitro and in vivo. International multicenter phase III clinical trial was conducted to comparatively assess efficacy and safety of BCD-022 and reference trastuzumab in combination with paclitaxel used as the therapy of metastatic HER2(+) breast cancer. Pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity were also studied. METHODS: Patients with no previous treatment for metastatic HER2(+) breast cancer were randomly assigned 1:1 to BCD-022 or reference trastuzumab and were treated with trastuzumab + paclitaxel. Therapy continued for 6 cycles of therapy (every 3 weeks), until progression of the disease or unbearable toxicity. Primary study endpoint was overall response rate. Study goal was to prove equivalent efficacy of BCD-022 and reference trastuzumab. Equivalence margins for 95% CI for difference in overall response rates were set at [- 20%; 20%]. RESULTS: In total 225 patients were enrolled into the study, 115 in BCD-022 arm and 110 in reference trastuzumab arm. Overall response rate was 49.6% in BCD-022 arm and 43.6% in reference trastuzumab arm. Limits of 95% CI for difference of overall response rates between arms were [(- 8.05)-19.89%], thus, they lied within predetermined equivalence margins [- 20%; 20%]. Profile of adverse events was similar between groups (any AEs were reported in 93.81% of patients in BCD-022 arm and 94.55% of patients in reference arm). No unexpected adverse reactions were reported throughout the study. No statistically significant differences regarding antibody occurrence rate (either BAb or NAb) was found between BCD-022 (n = 3; 2.65%) and comparator (n = 4; 3.64%). Both drug products are characterized with low occurrence rate and short life of anti-trastuzumab antibodies. Pharmacokinetics assessment after 1st and 6th study drug injection also demonstrated equivalent PK parameters by all outcome measures: AUC(0-504), capital ES, Cyrillic(msmall a, Cyrillicsmall ha, Cyrillic), capital TE, Cyrillic(max), T(1/2). Analysis of C(trough) did not reveal any significant inter-group differences as well. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, results of this study have demonstrated therapeutic equivalence of trastuzumab biosimilar BCD-022 and referent trastuzumab drug. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (Study Number NCT01764022 ). The date of registration was January 9, 2013.
Targeted photodynamic therapy is a new promising therapeutic strategy to overcome growing problems in contemporary medicine, such as drug toxicity and drug resistance. A series of erlotinib-zinc(II) phthalocyanine conjugates were designed and synthesized. Compared with unsubstituted zinc(II) phthalocyanine, these conjugates can successfully target EGFR-overexpressing cancer cells owing to the presence of the small molecular-target-based anticancer agent erlotinib. All conjugates were found to be essentially non-cytotoxic in the absence of light (up to 50 muM), but upon illumination, they show significantly high photo-cytotoxicity toward HepG2 cells, with IC50 values as low as 9.61-91.77 nM under a rather low light dose (lambda=670 nm, 1.5 J cm(-2) ). Structure-activity relationships for these conjugates were assessed by determining their photophysical/photochemical properties, cellular uptake, and in vitro photodynamic activities. The results show that these conjugates are highly promising antitumor agents for molecular-target-based photodynamic therapy.
Trastuzumab deruxtecan (T-DXd) is an antibody-drug conjugate used for cancer treatment comprising an anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2) antibody and the topoisomerase I inhibitor DXd. The present study investigated the intratumor fate of T-DXd. Fluorescence-labeled T-DXd was found to accumulate in tumors of HER2-positive tumor xenograft mice and was observed to be distributed within lysosomes of in vitro tumor cells in accordance with their HER2 expression. DXd was released by cysteine proteases, including cathepsins, in lysosomal fractions in vitro in response to the pH. Tumor slices obtained from HER2-positive tumor xenograft mice treated with T-DXd were examined by semi-quantitative and three-dimensional immunohistochemical assays using phosphor-integrated dots, which visualized DXd-related signals in the nucleus, the site of topoisomerase I inhibition. In addition, based on the data showing the antibody component of T-DXd barely distributed in the nucleus, it was suggested that the DXd-related signals detected in the nucleus were predominantly derived from free DXd. These observations help support the mode of action of T-DXd from the perspective of drug disposition.
BACKGROUND: Cyclin-dependent kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) inhibitors combined with endocrine therapy have revolutionized the treatment landscape of hormone receptor (HR)-positive advanced breast cancer. However, reliable biomarkers for CDK4/6 inhibitors remain limited. This study investigated dynamic peripheral blood indicators as potential prognostic biomarkers for survival outcomes and therapeutic efficacy. METHODS: This post-hoc analysis included patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer treated with bireocilib or placebo with fulvestrant from BRIGHT-2 trial. Peripheral blood samples collected at baseline and on-treatment were used to calculate absolute lymphocyte count (ALC), neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), monocyte-to-lymphocyte ratio (MLR), platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR), systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) and prognostic nutritional index (PNI). Kaplan-Meier analysis and Cox proportional hazards models assessed survival outcomes, while dynamic changes in indicators were compared using paired Wilcoxon signed-rank test. RESULTS: A total of 305 patients was included in this analysis. Bireociclib significantly improved PFS versus placebo regardless of MLR, PLR, and PNI levels (all p < 0.05). In multivariate Cox analysis, NLR, MLR, SII and PNI were independent prognostic factors for both PFS and overall survival (OS). None of the hematological indicators demonstrated significant predictive value across different treatment arms. In experimental group, PLR remained stable during treatment in the response group but increased significantly in the non-response group (p = 0.003). In control group, none of the indicators demonstrated significant changes from baseline to on-treatment point. CONCLUSIONS: Peripheral blood-derived indicators are prognostic markers for HR-positive, HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer. Elevated PLR during treatment indicates poor response to CDK4/6 inhibitors.
PURPOSE: To evaluate whether the disease status of the pre-neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) core biopsied lymph node (preNACBxLN) in patients with node positive breast cancer corresponds to nodal status of all surgically retrieved lymph nodes (LNs) post-NAC and whether wire localization of this LN is feasible. MATERIALS AND METHODS: HIPPA compliant IRB approved retrospective study including breast cancer patients (a.) with preNACBxLN confirmed metastases, (b.) who received NAC, and (c.) underwent wire localization of the preNACBxLN. Electronic medical records were reviewed. Fisher's exact test was used to compare differences in residual disease post-NAC among breast cancer subtypes. RESULTS: 28 women with node positive breast cancer underwent ultrasound guided wire localization of the preNACBxLN, without complication. There was no evidence of residual nodal disease for 16 patients, with mean 4.4 (median 4) LNs resected. 12 patients had residual nodal metastases, with mean 9.2 (median 7) LNs resected and mean 2.3 (median 2) LNs with tumor involvement. 11 patients had metastases detected within the localized LN. One patient had micrometastasis in a sentinel LN, despite no residual disease in the preNACBxLN. Patients with luminal A/B breast cancer more often had residual nodal metastases (86%) at pathology, as compared to patients with HER2+ (20%) and Triple Negative breast cancer (50%), though not quite achieving statistical significance (p=0.055). CONCLUSION: Ultrasound guided wire localization of the preNACBxLN is feasible and may improve detection of residual tumor in patients post-NAC.
PURPOSE: Considering the high disease burden and unique features of Asian patients with breast cancer (BC), it is essential to have a comprehensive view of genetic characteristics in this population. An institutional targeted sequencing platform was developed through the Korea Research-Driven Hospitals project and was incorporated into clinical practice. This study explores the use of targeted next-generation sequencing (NGS) and its outcomes in patients with advanced/metastatic BC in the real world. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We reviewed the results of NGS tests administered to BC patients using a customized sequencing platform-FiRST Cancer Panel (FCP)-over 7 years. We systematically described clinical translation of FCP for precise diagnostics, personalized therapeutic strategies, and unraveling disease pathogenesis. RESULTS: NGS tests were conducted on 548 samples from 522 patients with BC. Ninety-seven point six percentage of tested samples harbored at least one pathogenic alteration. The common alterations included mutations in TP53 (56.2%), PIK3CA (31.2%), GATA3 (13.8%), BRCA2 (10.2%), and amplifications of CCND1 (10.8%), FGF19 (10.0%), and ERBB2 (9.5%). NGS analysis of ERBB2 amplification correlated well with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization. RNA panel analyses found potentially actionable and prognostic fusion genes. FCP effectively screened for potentially germline pathogenic/likely pathogenic mutation. Ten point three percent of BC patients received matched therapy guided by NGS, resulting in a significant overall survival advantage (p=0.022), especially for metastatic BCs. CONCLUSION: Clinical NGS provided multifaceted benefits, deepening our understanding of the disease, improving diagnostic precision, and paving the way for targeted therapies. The concrete advantages of FCP highlight the importance of multi-gene testing for BC, especially for metastatic conditions.
INTRODUCTION: Targeting activating oncogenic driver mutations in lung adenocarcinoma has led to prolonged survival in patients harboring these specific genetic alterations. The prognostic value of these mutations has not yet been elucidated. The prevalence of recently uncovered non-coding somatic mutation in promoter region of TERT gene is also to be validated in lung cancer. The purpose of this study is to show the prevalence, association with clinicalpathological features and prognostic value of these factors. METHODS: In a cohort of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (n = 174, including 107 lung adenocarcinoma and 67 lung squamous cell carcinoma), EGFR, KRAS, HER2 and BRAF were directly sequenced in lung adeoncarcinoma, ALK fusions were screened using FISH (Fluorescence in situ Hybridization).TERT promoter region was sequenced in all of the 174 NSCLC samples. Associations of these somatic mutations and clinicopathological features, as well as prognostic factors were evaluated. RESULTS: EGFR, KRAS, HER2, BRAF mutation and ALK fusion were mutated in 25.2%, 6.5%, 1.9%, 0.9% and 3.7% of lung adenocarcinomas. No TERT promoter mutation was validated by reverse-sided sequencing. Lung adenocarcinoma with EGFR and KRAS mutations showed no significant difference in Disease-free Survival (DFS) and Overall Survival (OS). Cox Multi-variate analysis revealed that only N stage and HER2 mutation were independent predictors of worse overall survival (HR = 1.653, 95% CI 1.219-2.241, P = 0.001; HR = 12.344, 95% CI 2.615-58.275, P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: We have further confirmed that TERT promoter mutation may only exist in a very small fraction of NSCLCs. These results indicate that dividing lung adenocarcinoma into molecular subtypes according to oncogenic driver mutations doesn't predict survival difference of the disease.
PROPOSE: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy has been widely used in locally advanced and inflammatory breast cancer. Generally, complete pathological response after neoadjuvant chemotherapy treatment predicts survival. Studies have shown that patient-derived organoids can be used in cancer research and drug development. Therefore, we aimed to generate a living organoid biobank from biopsy samples to predict the response of patients to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. METHOD: We generated a living organoid biobank from locally advanced breast cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy. When the patient received neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the organoids were treated with similar drugs, thereby simulating the situation of the patient receiving treatment. RESULT: We successfully constructed organoids from breast cancer biopsies, demonstrating that organoids can be generated from a small sample of tissue. The phenotype of breast cancer organoid often agreed with the original breast cancer according to the blinded histopathological analysis of H&E stain tissue and organoid sections. In addition, our data confirm that the patient's response to chemotherapy closely matches the organoids' response to drugs. CONCLUSION: Our data indicate that patient-derived organoids can be used to predict the clinical response of breast cancer patients to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in vitro and to screen drugs that have different effects on different patients. Key messageComplete pathological response (pCR) after adjuvant chemotherapy can predict, survival, therefore, predicting patient response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy is critical.Patient-derived organoids (PDOs) matched the original tumour in terms of histopathology, hormone receptor levels and HER2 receptor status.Patient-derived organoids can predict the responsiveness of patient to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
OBJECTIVES: Chromosomal rearrangements involving ROS1 define a rare entity of lung adenocarcinomas with exquisite sensitivity to molecularly targeted therapy. We report clinical outcomes and genomic findings of patients with ROS1-positive lung cancer who were prospectively identified within a multiplex biomarker profiling program at the West German Cancer Center. METHODS: Standardized immunohistochemical (IHC) analysis, fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH), and hotspot mutation analyses were performed in 1345 patients with advanced cancer, including 805 patients with metastatic lung adenocarcinoma. Clinical and epidemiological data were retrieved from the institutional database. RESULTS: ROS1 positivity by IHC analysis was detected in 25 patients with lung cancer (4.8% of lung adenocarcinomas), including 13 patients (2.5%) with ROS1 FISH positivity with a cutoff of at least 15% of events. Of the ROS1 IHC analysis-positive cases, 36% presented with concomitant oncogenic driver mutations involving EGFR (six cases, five of which were clinically validated by response to EGFR-targeting agents), KRAS (two cases), phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit alpha gene (PIK3CA), and BRAF. Three cases initially classified as ROS1 FISH-negative passed the threshold of 15% positive events when repeat biopsies were analyzed at progression. The median overall survival of the ROS1-positive patients (104 months) was significantly superior to that of the 261 patients with EGFR/anaplastic lymphoma kinase/ROS1-negative lung adenocarcinoma (24.4 months, p = 0.044). Interestingly, the overall survival of the 13 ROS1-positive patients with lung cancer from initiation of pemetrexed-based chemotherapy was significantly prolonged when compared with that of 169 pemetrexed-treated patients with EGFR/anaplastic lymphoma kinase/ROS1-negative adenocarcinoma (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: ROS1-positive metastatic lung adenocarcinomas frequently harbor concomitant oncogenic driver mutations. Levels of ROS1 FISH-positive events are variable over time. This heterogeneity provides additional therapeutic options if discovered by multiplex biomarker testing and repeat biopsies.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the impact of hydronephrosis and kidney function in newly diagnosed advanced cervical cancer patients. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of newly diagnosed cervical cancer stage IIIB to IVB was conducted in a tertiary hospital in Brazil. Data from clinical records between 2014 and 2018 were reviewed. RESULTS: A total of 285 women with advanced cervical cancer and no previous cancer treatment were included. 108 (37.9%) patients were diagnosed with hydronephrosis (HN) before or during the first treatment, 49 (17.2%) patients underwent ureteral obstruction relief, and emergency hemodialysis was performed in 17 patients due to uremia. The median overall survival (mOS) was 46.9 months for non-HN, 19.2 months for unilateral-HN, and 10.0 months for bilateral-HN (non-HN vs HN-groups, p = 0.0001). Patients with eGFR >= 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2), before or during the first cancer treatment, had mOS of 46.9 months, 23.5 months, and 11.1 months for non-HN, unilateral-HN and bilateral-HN, respectively (non-HN vs bilateral-HN, p = 0.002). Patients with eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) had mOS 23.4 months, 19.2 months, and 10.0 months for non-HN, unilateral-HN and bilateral-HN, respectively (non-HN vs bilateral-HN, p = 0.003). In the HN group, mOS was 11.2 months among those who underwent urinary diversion and 15.6 months among those who did not; p = 0.2. On multivariate analysis, cancer treatment, FIGO stage, and HN were prognostic factors for OS; however eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) does not appear to be associated with worse survival by itself (p = 0.7). CONCLUSION: HN seems to have a negative effect on survival of patients with cervical cancer even after adjustment for FIGO stage and cancer treatment. The mOS does not appear to be worse in patients with HN who required urinary diversion compared to those who did not.
BACKGROUND: Gene mutations may play an important role in the development, response to treatment and prognosis of colorectal cancer (CRC). This retrospective study aimed to investigate the mutation profiling of Chinese patients with CRC, and its correlation with clinicopathological features and prognosis. METHODS: This study included 1190 Chinese CRC patients who were diagnosed between May 1998 and December 2018 and received clinical genetic testing. The OncoCarta Panel was used to test a total of 238 possible mutations in 19 common oncogenes. RESULTS: Five hundred and eighty-two (48.9%) cases were detected with gene mutations. Of the 582 cases, there were 111 cases (19.7%) with two concurrent mutations, and six cases (1.0%) with three concurrent mutations. KRAS was the most common gene mutation that occurred in all cases (429, 36.1%), followed by PIK3CA (121, 10.2%), NRAS (47, 3.9%), BRAF (35, 2.9%), HRAS (11, 0.9%) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) (11, 0.9%). AKT1, KIT, FGFR1, FGFR3, FLT3, CDK, ERBB2, ABL1, MET, RET and PDGFRA mutations were also detected in several cases. When it came to prognosis, we found that KRAS/NRAS/PIK3CA/BRAF mutation was not associated with prognosis. But BRAF mutation was associated with poor prognosis in patients who accepted anti-EGFR therapy. CONCLUSIONS: The molecular testing offered the clinical data and mutation profile of Chinese CRC patients. The information of these mutated genes may help to find out the correlation between mutated genes and the development or prognosis of CRC.
Lipid raft, a specialized membrane structure enriched with cholesterol and glycosphingolipid, contains molecules that convey environmental stimuli to the intracellular systems. Authors investigated the effects of raft cholesterol depletion on non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell migration. Incubation of NSCLC cells in media containing lovastatin resulted in inhibition of cell migration by 63.1-83.3%, whereas raft cholesterol depletion with successive treatment using methyl-beta cyclodextrin (MbetaCD) followed by lovastatin further suppressed their migration by 35.0-57.8%. Raft cholesterol depletion partially inhibited EGF-induced phosphorylation of EGFR and FAK, however, no change was observed in other molecules comprising focal adhesion complex. It resulted in disappearance of filopodia, inhibition of EGF-induced pY397 FAK aggregation, and its destabilization. Cholesterol depletion inhibited phosphorylation of Src on Y416 in the detergent-insoluble fraction followed by decreased localization of total and pY397 FAK in the detergent-insoluble fraction. Minimal changes in these molecules were observed in the detergent-soluble fraction and interactions between FAK and other molecules of the focal adhesion complex were not influenced. Immunocytochemical analysis confirmed translocation of Src from the raft into cytoplasm and disappearance of EGF-induced membrane ruffling by raft cholesterol depletion. In cholesterol-depleted cells, EGF-induced phosphorylation of Src, Akt, and p44/42 in the detergent-insoluble fraction were inhibited whereas phosphorylation of GSK-3beta was unaffected. We conclude that raft cholesterol depletion inhibited NSCLC migration through inhibition of phosphorylation of raft associated Src and dislocation of molecules comprising focal adhesion complexes from raft rather than by inhibiting their recruitment to Src and interaction.
Gefitinib, an EGFR receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is approved for clinical use in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but the emergence of mutations resistant to these inhibitors, such as T790M, has become a clinical problem. According to statistics, female patients, the presence of adenocarcinoma or non-smokers experienced a higher response rate. This may be involved in interaction between the estrogen receptor (ER) and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). To test whether inhibition of the ER signaling pathway affects the antitumor effect of gefitinib, gefitinib and an ER antagonist, fulvestrant, were administered to NSCLC cell lines with acquired resistance to gefitinib. Compared with treatment of either fulvestrant or gefitinib alone, drug combination obviously decreased proliferation of H1976, H1650 and PC-9 cells coming from adenocarcinoma. Rapid activations of EGFR pathway by E2beta were observed in H1975 cells with T790M mutation. Additionally, EGFR and ERs expression were down-regulated respectively in response to estrogen and EGF but up-regulated in response to fulvestrant and gefitinib in vitro. These results suggest that there is a functional cross-signaling between the EGFR/ER pathways in NSCLC with acquired resistance to gefitinib, possibly providing rationale for combining gefitinib with anti-estrogen therapy for advanced NSCLC treatment.
Updated information published up to 2016 regarding major advances in renal cancer, bladder cancer, and prostate cancer is here presented. Based on an ever better understanding of the genetic and molecular alterations that govern the initial pathogenic mechanisms of tumor oncogenesis, an improvement in the characterization and treatment of urologic tumors has been achieved in the past year. According to the Cancer Genome Atlas (ATLAS) project, alterations in the MET pathway are characteristics of type 1 papillary renal cell carcinomas, and activation of NRF2-ARE pathway is associated with the biologically distinct type 2. While sunitinib and pazopanib continue to be the standard first-line treatment in metastatic renal cell carcinoma of clear cell histology, nivolumab and cabozantinib are now the agents of choice in the second-line setting. In relation to urothelial bladder carcinoma, new potential molecular targets such as FGFR3, PI3K/AKT, RTK/RAS, CDKN2A, ARIDIA, ERBB2 have been identified. Response to adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy appears to be related to basal, luminal, and p53-like intrinsic subtypes. A phase II study with eribulin and a maintenance phase II trial with vinflunine have shown promising results. Similarly, the use of the check point inhibitors in advanced disease is likely to revolutionize the management of patients who have progressed after cisplatin-based chemotherapy. In prostate cancer, seven mutually exclusive molecular subtypes have been identified by the TCGA project. Chemotherapy has been consolidated as a key treatment for castration-sensitive metastatic prostate cancer, and abiraterone, enzalutamide, cabazitaxel, and radium-223 remain standard therapeutic options for men with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. All this progress will undoubtedly contribute to the development of new treatments and therapeutic strategies that will improve the survival and quality of life of our patients.
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in females worldwide. Despite significant advancements in treatment, drug resistance remains a major challenge, limiting the effectiveness of therapies and leading to dismal outcomes. Approximately 50% of HER2+ breast cancer patients develop resistance to trastuzumab, and patients with triple-negative breast cancer often experience resistance to first-line therapies. The drug resistance mechanisms involve altered drug uptake, enhanced DNA repair, and dysregulated apoptosis pathways. MicroRNAs are essential in regulating cellular processes involved in both homeostasis and disease. Recent data suggest that microRNAs can overcome drug resistance by regulating the pathways that confer drug resistance. Combining different conventional anticancer agents with microRNA therapies holds promise for enhancing treatment effectiveness against drug resistant breast cancer. Advancements in nano-drug delivery systems have facilitated the effective delivery of microRNAs by improving their stability, targeting specific cells, and enhancing cellular uptake. This review elucidates the recent advancements in microRNA-based therapies, their effects on gene expression, and their clinical efficacy in overcoming drug resistance in breast cancer.
BACKGROUND: p63, homologous to p53, has been investigated to be involved in various aspects of tumorigenesis and cancer progression. Recently, we have identified a functional single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs17506395 (T>G) in p63 which was associated with female reproduction and ovarian cancer development. The present study aimed to evaluate the association of rs17506395 genotypes with breast cancer susceptibility, clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: TaqMan assay was used to genotype the rs17506395 polymorphism. The expression of p63 mRNA was determined by quantitative reverse-transcription PCR (qRT-PCR). Unconditional logistic regression and univariate Cox hazard regression analyses were performed to evaluate the association of rs17506395 with breast cancer susceptibility and prognosis respectively. RESULTS: First, we found that breast tumors with TT genotype exhibited higher level of p63 mRNA compared with other genotypes in breast cancer tissues, indicating that rs17506395 may be a functional single nucleotide polymorphism in breast cancer. Further investigation revealed that the presence of TT genotype was statistically correlated with increased risk for breast cancer, compared with genotypes containing the G allele (GG and GT). Moreover, a significant association between rs17506395 polymorphism and age at diagnosis and status of hormone receptor was observed. Consistently, prognostic analysis showed that patients carrying TT genotype represent unfavorable survival, suggesting that TT genotype may be a biomarker for poor prognosis in breast cancer. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that rs17506395 polymorphism can function as a risk factor and prognostic indicator for breast cancer, whereas precise mechanism underlying the function of this polymorphism needs further investigation.
Breast cancer has an extremely high incidence in women, and its morbidity and mortality rank first among female tumors. With the increasing development of medicine today, the clinical application of neoadjuvant chemotherapy has brought new hope to the treatment of breast cancer. Although the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy has been confirmed, drug resistance is one of the main reasons for its treatment failure, contributing to the difficulty in the treatment of breast cancer. This article focuses on multiple mechanisms of action and expounds a series of recent research advances that mediate drug resistance in breast cancer cells. Drug metabolizing enzymes can mediate a catalytic reaction to inactivate chemotherapeutic drugs and develop drug resistance. The drug efflux system can reduce the drug concentration in breast cancer cells. The combination of glutathione detoxification system and platinum drugs can cause breast cancer cells to be insensitive to drugs. Changes in drug targets have led to poorer efficacy of HER2 receptor inhibitors. Moreover, autophagy, epithelial-mesenchymal transition, and tumor microenvironment can all contribute to the development of resistance in breast cancer cells. Based on the relevant research on the existing drug resistance mechanism, the current treatment plan for reversing the resistance of breast cancer to neoadjuvant chemotherapy is explored, and the potential drug targets are analyzed, aiming to provide a new idea and strategy to reverse the resistance of neoadjuvant chemotherapy drugs in breast cancer.
INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to analyze the clinical and genetic characteristics of young lung cancer cases, and to compare them with those of older cases. METHODS: We used the Thoracic Tumors Registry (TTR) as a data source representative of lung cancer cases diagnosed in Spain, and included all cases registered until 9/01/2023 which had information on age at diagnosis or the data needed to calculate it. We performed a descriptive statistical analysis and fitted logistic regressions to analyze how different characteristics influenced being a younger lung cancer patient. RESULTS: A total of 26,336 subjects were included. Lung cancer cases <50 years old had a higher probability of being women (OR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.21-1.57), being in stage III or IV (OR: 1.32; 95% CI: 1.08-1.62), not having comorbidities (OR: 5.21; 95% CI: 4.59-5.91), presenting with symptoms at diagnosis (OR: 1.53; 95% CI: 1.29-1.81), and having ALK translocation (OR: 7.61; 95% CI: 1.25-46.32) and HER2 mutation (OR: 5.71; 95% CI: 1.34-24.33), compared with subjects >/=50 years. Among subjects <35 years old (n=61), our study observed a higher proportion of women (59.0% vs. 26.6%; p<0.001), never smokers (45.8% vs. 10.3%; p<0.001), no comorbidities (21.3% vs. 74.0%; p<0.001); ALK translocation (33.3% vs. 4.4%; p<0.001) and ROS1 mutation (14.3% vs. 2.3%; p=0.01), compared with subjects >/=35 years. CONCLUSIONS: Lung cancer displays differences by age at diagnosis which may have important implications for its clinical management.
Trastuzumab-deruxtecan (T-DXd) has demonstrated intracranial efficacy; however, safety and efficacy data remains limited with stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS). A multi-institutional review was performed with HER2+ or HER2-low metastatic breast cancer treated with T-DXd and SRS for active brain metastases. We identified 215 lesions treated over 48 SRS courses in 34 patients. Median follow up from T-DXd initiation was 13.9 months. The cumulative incidence of symptomatic radiation necrosis at 24 months per lesion was 2.1% and per patient 11%. The 12-month LC was 97%. HER2-low was associated with worse distant intracranial control (DIC) (adjusted HR 2.5, 95% CI 1.1-5.6, p = 0.03) and worse systemic progression free survival (PFS) (HR 4.1, 95% CI 1.6-10.7, p = 0.004). Concurrent SRS and T-DXd has excellent local control, without an increased risk of radiation necrosis. HER2-low disease is associated with worse systemic PFS and DIC with T-DXd compared to HER2+.
PURPOSE: Phase II trials suggested that weekly paclitaxel might be more effective and less toxic than every-3-weeks administration for metastatic breast cancer (MBC). Cancer and Leukemia Group B (CALGB) protocol 9840 was initiated to address this question. Subsequently trastuzumab was demonstrated to improve outcomes of paclitaxel therapy for human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2)-positive patients, and was therefore incorporated. Because inhibition of HER-family signaling had potential efficacy even without HER-2 overexpression, we randomly assigned for trastuzumab in this population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients were randomly assigned to paclitaxel 175 mg/m(2) every 3 weeks or 80 mg/m(2) weekly. After the first 171 patients, all HER-2-positive patients received trastuzumab; HER-2 nonoverexpressors were randomly assigned for trastuzumab, in addition to paclitaxel schedule. A total of 577 patients were treated on 9840. An additional 158 patients were included in analyses, for combined sample of 735. The primary end point was response rate (RR); secondary end points were time to progression (TTP), overall survival, and toxicity. Primary comparisons were between weekly versus every-3-weeks paclitaxel, and trastuzumab versus no trastuzumab in HER-2 nonoverexpressors. RESULTS: In the combined sample, weekly paclitaxel was superior to every-3-weeks administration: RR (42% v 29%, unadjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.75; P = .0004), TTP (median, 9 v 5 months; adjusted HR = 1.43; P < .0001), and survival (median, 24 v 12 months; adjusted HR = 1.28; P = .0092). For HER-2 nonoverexpressors, trastuzumab did not improve efficacy. Grade 3 neuropathy was more common with weekly dosing (24% v 12%; P = .0003). CONCLUSION: Weekly paclitaxel is more effective than every-3-weeks administration for MBC. Trastuzumab did not improve efficacy for HER-2 nonoverexpressors. Neurotoxicity is a treatment-limiting toxicity for weekly paclitaxel.
ErbB2 is frequently highly expressed in premalignant breast cancers, including ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS); however, little is known about the signals or pathways it contributes to progression into the invasive/malignant state. Radiotherapy is often used to treat early premalignant lesions regardless of ErbB2 status. Here, we show that clinically relevant doses of ionizing radiation (IR)-induce cellular invasion of ErbB2-expressing breast cancer cells, as well as MCF10A cells overexpressing ErbB2. ErbB2-negative breast cancer cells, such as MCF7 and T47D, do not invade following treatment with IR nor do MCF10A cells overexpressing epidermal growth factor receptor. ErbB2 becomes phosphorylated at tyrosine 877 in a dose- and time- dependent manner following exposure to X-rays, and activates downstream signaling cascades including PI3K/Akt. Inhibition of these pathways, as well as inhibition of reactive oxygen species (ROS) with antioxidants, prevents IR-induced invasion. Activation of ErbB2-dependent signaling results in upregulation of the forkhead family transcription factor, FoxM1, and its transcriptional targets, including matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2). Inhibition of FoxM1 by RNA interference prevented induction of invasion by IR, and overexpression of FoxM1 in MCF10A cells was sufficient to promote IR-induced invasion. Moreover, we found that 14-3-3zeta is also upregulated by IR in cancer cells in a ROS-dependent manner, is required for IR-induced invasion in ErbB2-positive breast cancer cells and together with FoxM1 is sufficient for invasion in ErbB2-negative breast cancer cells. Thus, our data show that IR-mediated activation of ErbB2 and induction of 14-3-3zeta collaborate to regulate FoxM1 and promote invasion of breast cancer cells and furthermore, may serve as therapeutic targets to enhance radiosensitivity of breast cancers.
BACKGROUND: Small interfering RNA (siRNA) holds great promise for treating various lung diseases, but the lack of safe and efficient pulmonary siRNA delivery systems has hindered its advance into the clinics. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) which promotes cell proliferation, and the programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) which plays a crucial role in suppressing cytotoxic T cells activity, are two important targets for treating non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we explored the potential of PEG(12)-KL4, a synthetic peptide, to deliver siRNA to various NSCLC cells and to lung tissues in mice. METHODS: PEG(12)-KL4 was used to transfect siRNAs targeted at both EGFR and PD-L1 into NSCLC cells. Immunoblotting was used to evaluate the siRNA silencing effects in HCC827 and NCI-H1975 NSCLC cells. CD8+ T cell-mediated NSCLC cell killing was employed to demonstrate the functional effects of PD-L1 siRNA knock-down. Fluorescent siRNAs were used to visualise siRNA uptake in cells as well as to enable biodistribution studies in BALB/c mice. RESULTS: Our results showed that PEG(12)-KL4 was efficient in mediating siRNA knock-down of EGFR and PD-L1 in various NSCLC cells. Importantly, the PEG(12)-KL4 peptide enabled significantly better siRNA delivery than the commercial Lipofectamine 2000 reagent. We hypothesised that PEG(12)-KL4 peptide enabled siRNA to either escape from or bypass endosomal degradation as indicated by confocal fluorescence imaging. Notably, combined knock-down of EGFR and PD-L1 in NCI-H1975 cells resulted in better effector T cell-mediated cancer cell killing than knock-down of PD-L1 alone. Moreover, biodistribution of PEG(12)-KL4/siRNA complexes following intravenous administration revealed poor lung delivery with the fluorescent siRNA accumulating in the liver. In contrast, intratracheal delivery of PEG(12)-KL4/siRNA complexes resulted in the fluorescent siRNA to be detected in the lung with retarded renal excretion. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, we demonstrated that the co-delivery of siRNAs targeting EGFR and PD-L1 using PEG(12)-KL4 is feasible and represents a promising future strategy to treat NSCLC, whereby pulmonary siRNA delivery is favourable to intravenous administration.
BACKGROUND: We present a pooled analysis of predictive and prognostic values of circulating tumour cells (CTC) and circulating endothelial cells (CEC) in two prospective trials of patients with inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with neoadjuvant and adjuvant bevacizumab. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Nonmetastatic T4d patients were enrolled in two phase II multicentre trials, evaluating bevacizumab in combination with sequential neoadjuvant chemotherapy of four cycles of FEC followed by four cycles of docetaxel in HER2-negative tumour (BEVERLY-1) or docetaxel and trastuzumab in HER2-positive tumour (BEVERLY-2). CTC and CEC were detected in 7.5 and 4 ml of blood, respectively, with the CellSearch System. RESULTS: From October 2008 to September 2010, 152 patients were included and 137 were evaluable for CTC and CEC. At baseline, 55 patients had detectable CTC (39%). After four cycles of chemotherapy, a dramatic drop in CTC to a rate of 9% was observed (P < 0.01). Pathological complete response (pCR) rate was 40%. No correlation was found between CTC or CEC levels and pCR rate. Median follow-up was 43 months. CTC detection (>/=1 CTC/7.5 ml) at baseline was associated with shorter 3-year disease-free survival (39% versus 70% for patients without CTC, P < 0.01, HR 2.80) and shorter 3-year overall survival (OS) (P < 0.01). In multivariate analysis, independent prognostic parameters for shorter survival were absence of hormonal receptors, no pCR and CTC detection at baseline. CEC level at baseline or variations during treatment had no prognostic value. CONCLUSION: In this pooled analysis of two prospective trials in nonmetastatic IBC, detection rate of CTC was 39% with a strong and independent prognostic value for survival. Combination of pCR after neoadjuvant treatment with no CTC detection at baseline isolated a subgroup of IBC with excellent OS (94% 3-year OS), suggesting that CTC count could be part of IBC stratification in prospective trials.
Thyroid cancer sometimes contains poorly differentiated components, which have the potential of invasion and metastasis. We evaluated the possible roles of heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (HB-EGF), a member of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) family, in cell growth and invasion of thyroid cancer cells, and demonstrated that HB-EGF is not only a potent mitogen but also a chemotactic factor in the thyroid cancer cells 8305C and SW579. The HB-EGF-mediated chemotaxis was inhibited by neutralizing antibody against the EGF receptor (EGFR/HER1/ErbB1) or tyrphostin AG1478, a specific inhibitor of the EGFR tyrosine kinase. The HB-EGF mRNA and protein expression was also analyzed using RT-PCR and immunofluorescence methods, respectively. In addition, in clinical immunohistochemical study, increased expression of HB-EGF and its receptors, HER1 and EGFR4 (HER4/ErbB4), was observed in thyroid carcinoma cells. Our findings suggest that HB-EGF acts as a potent paracrine and/or autocrine chemotactic factor as well as a mitogen that mediates HER1 and/or HER4 in the invasion and metastasis of thyroid carcinoma cells, including poorly differentiated papillary carcinomas or undifferentiated/anaplastic carcinomas. These data may aid in the development of novel therapeutic strategies for thyroid cancer.
EGFR mutation frequencies in unselected Caucasian populations are unknown. This study assesses the prevalence of EGFR mutations in an unselected population-based cohort, and the correlation between mutation and gender, age, ethnicity, smoking habits, and pathological data. NSCLC patients diagnosed in a well-defined Danish population were included. The type of the diagnostic material, and data on smoking were registered. The mutation analyses were investigated by Therascreen EGFR RGQ-PCR Kit or Sanger sequencing. A total of 658 men and 598 women were included. 6.2% were never smokers, 38.9% were ex-smokers, and 54.9% were current smokers. One thousand one hundred and sixty-one (92.4%) patients had sufficient material for mutation analysis. Cytological material was used for 38% of the mutation analyses. 5.4% had mutation in the EGFR gene (4.3% men/6.7% women). 87% were activating mutations. 8.0% of adenocarcinomas, and 1.9% of squamous cell carcinomas were mutated. 29.4%, 4.4% and 2.9% of never, ex- and current smokers were mutated (p < 0.001). No difference in mutation rate was observed between patients with cytology only, histology only or both cytology and histology available. 5.4% of the patients had EGFR mutation. Adenocarcinomas were mutated more often (8.0%) than squamous cell carcinomas (1.9%). Mutations were found in never smokers as well as in former and current smokers. No difference in gender and age regarding mutation status was observed. EGFR mutations analysis was possible in almost all patients with no difference between cytology and histology specimens.
Following partial nephrectomy (PN), it is important to prevent any deterioration in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). At present there are no evidence-based recommendations on when a nephrology consultation should be requested and how to adjust postoperative management when the risk of renal function decline is high. In an effort to address this void, we used our previously published nomogram to define risk groups for a significant decline in eGFR at 3-15 mo after PN. We used the nomogram-derived probability as the independent variable for the classification and regression tree and identified four risk groups: low (0-10%), intermediate (10-21%), high (21-65%), and very high (65-100%). Overall, 336 (34%), 386 (39%), 243 (24%), and 34 (4%) patients fell in the low, intermediate, high, and very high risk groups, respectively. The rates of significant eGFR decline across the low, intermediate, high, and very high risk groups were 4%, 14%, 29%, and 79%. With the low risk category as a reference, the hazard ratio for eGFR decline was 3.21 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.83-5.64) for the intermediate, 7.80 (95% CI 4.52-13.48) for the high, and 27.24 (95% CI 13.8-53.8) for the very high risk group (all p<0.001). These prognostic risk categories can be used to design postoperative follow-up schedules. A multidisciplinary approach can be considered for patients at high and very high risk of eGFR decline. PATIENT SUMMARY: We propose a new stratification system to identify individuals at high risk of a decline in renal function after robotic partial nephrectomy.
HER2-targeted therapies have radically changed the prognosis of HER2-positive breast cancer over the last few years. However, resistance to these therapies has been a constant, leading to treatment-failure and new tumor progression. Recently, the kinase-impaired HER3 emerged as a pivotal player in oncogenic signaling, with an important role in both non-treated progression and treatment response. HER2/HER3 dimerization is required for full signaling potential and constitutes the key oncogenic unit. Also, when inhibiting PI3K/AKT pathway (as with anti-HER2 drugs) feedback mechanisms lead to a rebound in HER3 activity, which is one of the main roads to resistance. As current strategies to treat HER2-positive breast cancer are unable to inhibit this feedback response, two great promises emerged: the combination of targeted-therapies and drugs targeting HER3. In this article HER2 and HER3-targeted drugs and possible combinations between them, as well as the biomarkers to predict and monitor these drugs effect, are reviewed.
PURPOSE: Paclitaxel-based chemoradiotherapy was proven to be efficacious in treating patients with advanced esophageal cancer. However, the toxicity and the development of resistance limited its anticancer efficiency. The present study was to evaluate the antitumor effects of lapatinib, a dual tyrosine inhibitor of both epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), combined with paclitaxel on the esophageal squamous cancer. METHODS: MTT assays were used to evaluate the effects of the combination of lapatinib and paclitaxel on the growth of esophageal squamous cancer cell lines (KYSE150, KYSE450, KYSE510 and TE-7). The activity of the combination of two agents on cell invasion, migration and apoptosis was measured by wound healing assay, transwell assay and Annexin V-FITC/PI stain assay. Western blot assay was used to analyze the effects of the two agents on the EGFR/HER2 signaling. The in vivo efficacy was evaluated in KYSE450 xenograft nude mouse model. RESULTS: The combination of lapatinib and paclitaxel was highly synergistic in inhibiting cell growth with a combination index of < 1, and suppressed significantly the invasion and migration capability of esophageal squamous cancer cells. Esophageal squamous cancer cells displayed increased rates of apoptosis after treatment with lapatinib plus paclitaxel. The phosphorylated EGFR and HER2 as well as the activation of downstream molecules MAPKs and AKT significantly decreased when exposed to lapatinib and paclitaxel. In vivo studies showed that the combination of two agents had greater antitumor efficacy than either agent alone. CONCLUSIONS: The combination of lapatinib with paclitaxel showed synergistic antitumor activity, suggesting their potential in treating patients with esophageal squamous cancer.
Atypical adenomatous hyperplasia (AAH) of the lung is a pre-invasive lesion (PL) with high risk of progression to lung cancer (LC). However, the pathways involved are uncertain. We searched for novel mechanistic biomarkers of AAH in an EGF transgenic disease model of lung cancer. Disease regulated proteins were validated by Western immunoblotting and immunohistochemistry (IHC) of control and morphologically altered respiratory epithelium. Translational work involved clinical resection material. Collectively, 68 unique serum proteins were identified by 2DE-MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry and 13 reached statistical significance (p<0.05). EGF, amphiregulin and the EGFR endosomal sorting protein VPS28 were induced up to 5-fold while IHC confirmed strong induction of these proteins. Furthermore, ApoA1, alpha-2-macroglobulin, and vitamin-D binding protein were nearly 6- and 2-fold upregulated in AAH; however, ApoA1 was oppositely regulated in LC to evidence disease stage dependent regulation of this tumour suppressor. Conversely, plasminogen and transthyretin were highly significantly repressed by 3- and 20-fold. IHC confirmed induced ApoA1, Fetuin-B and transthyretin expression to influence calcification, inflammation and tumour-infiltrating macrophages. Moreover, serum ApoA4, ApoH and ApoM were 2-, 2- and 6-fold repressed; however tissue ApoM and sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor expression was markedly induced to suggest a critical role of sphingosine-1-phosphate signalling in PL and malignant transformation. Finally, a comparison of three different LC models revealed common and unique serum biomarkers mechanistically linked to EGFR, cMyc and cRaf signalling. Their validation by IHC on clinical resection material established relevance for distinct human lung pathologies. In conclusion, we identified mechanistic biomarker candidates recommended for in-depth clinical evaluation.
Obestatin was identified as a gut peptide encoded by the ghrelin gene that interacts with the G protein-coupled receptor, GPR39. In this work, a sequential analysis of its transmembrane signalling pathway has been undertaken to characterize the intracellular mechanisms responsible for Akt activation. The results show that Akt activation requires the phosphorylation of T308 in the A-loop by the phosphoinositide-dependent kinase 1 (PDK1) and S473 within the HM by the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase complex 2 (mTORC2: Rictor, mLST8, mSin1, mTOR kinase) with participation neither of G(i)(/o)-protein nor Gbetagamma dimers. Obestatin induces the association of GPR39/beta-arrestin 1/Src signalling complex resulting in the transactivation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and downstream Akt signalling. Upon administration of obestatin, phosphorylation of mTOR (S2448) and p70S6K1 (T389) rise with a time course that parallels that of Akt activation. Based on the experimental data obtained, a signalling pathway involving a beta-arrestin 1 scaffolding complex and EGFR to activate Akt signalling is proposed.
BACKGROUND: TAB182 is overexpressed in cancerous tissues and correlated with poor overall survival in lung cancer patients. Mechanistically, TAB182 participates in DNA damage repair and endows tumour cells with radio- and chemoresistance. However, its role in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: Cells with stable TAB182 knockdown (KD) were generated using A549 NSCLC cells, and we demonstrated that depleting TAB182 inhibits cell EMT, proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion. Analysis of the TCGA database showed a positive correlation between TAB182 and EGFR, a well-established NSCLC oncoprotein. Then, we verified that silencing TAB182 decreases EGFR expression at both the mRNA and protein levels. Moreover, both TAB182 and EGFR were reported to restore ionizing radiation (IR)-triggered DNA damage. We validated that IR elevates the protein level of EGFR and that silencing TAB182 can alleviate IR-induced EGFR upregulation. Furthermore, overexpressing EGFR abrogates the inhibitory effects of TAB182 KD on EMT, migration, and invasion in A549 cells. CONCLUSIONS: Our data demonstrated that EGFR expression is regulated by TAB182 and downregulation of TAB182 has a novel function to repress EMT, migration and invasion by decreasing EGFR, indicating TAB182 could regulate the malignant progression of NSCLC.
Hedgehog signaling pathway is physiologically activated during embryogenesis, especially in lung development. It is also reactivated in many solid tumors. In lung cancer, Hedgehog pathway is closely associated with cancer stem cells (CSCs). Recent works have shown that CSCs produced a full-length Sonic Hedgehog (Shh) protein, with paracrine activity and induction of tumor development. Hedgehog pathway is also involved in tumor drug resistance in lung cancer, as cytotoxic chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and targeted therapies. This review proposes to describe the activation mechanisms of Hedgehog pathway in lung cancer, the clinical implications for overcoming drug resistance, and the perspectives for further research.
Estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) is generally considered to be a good prognostic marker because almost 70% of ERalpha-positive tumors respond to anti-hormone therapies. Unfortunately, during cancer progression, mammary tumors can escape from estrogen control, resulting in resistance to treatment. In this study, we demonstrate that activation of the actin/megakaryoblastic leukemia 1 (MKL1) signaling pathway promotes the hormonal escape of estrogen-sensitive breast cancer cell lines. The actin/MKL1 signaling pathway is silenced in differentiated ERalpha-positive breast cancer MCF-7 and T47D cell lines and active in ERalpha-negative HMT-3522 T4-2 and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells, which have undergone epithelial-mesenchymal transition. We showed that MKL1 activation in MCF-7 cells, either by modulating actin dynamics or using MKL1 mutants, down-regulates ERalpha expression and abolishes E2-dependent cell growth. Interestingly, the constitutively active form of MKL1 represses PR and HER2 expression in these cells and increases the expression of HB-EGF, TGFbeta, and amphiregulin growth factors in an E2-independent manner. The resulting expression profile (ER-, PR-, HER2-) typically corresponds to the triple-negative breast cancer expression profile.
Anti-EGFR targeting is one of the key strategies in the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). For almost two decades oncologists have struggled to implement EGFR antibodies in the mCRC continuum of care. Both sidedness and RAS mutational status rank high among the predictive factors for the clinical efficacy of EGFR inhibitors. A prospective phase III trial has recently confirmed that anti-EGFR targeting confers an overall survival benefit only in left sided RAS-wildtype tumors when given in first line. It is a matter of discussion if more clinical benefit can be reached by considering putative primary resistance mechanisms (e.g., HER2, BRAF, PIK3CA, etc.) at this early stage of treatment. The value of this procedure in daily routine clinical utility has not yet been clearly delineated. Re-exposure to EGFR antibodies becomes increasingly crucial in the disease journey of mCRC. Yet re- induction or re-challenge strategies have been problematic as they relied on mathematical models that described the timely decay of EGFR antibody resistant clones. The advent of liquid biopsy and the implementation of more accurate next-generation sequencing (NGS) based high throughput methods allows for tracing of EGFR resistant clones in real time. These displays the spatiotemporal heterogeneity of metastatic disease compared to the former standard radiographic assessment and re-biopsy. These techniques may move EGFR inhibition in mCRC into the area of precision medicine in order to apply EGFR antibodies with the increase or decrease of EGFR resistant clones. This review critically discusses established concepts of tackling the EGFR pathway in mCRC and provides insight into the growing field of liquid biopsy guided personalized approaches of EGFR inhibition in mCRC.
PURPOSE: No population-based study has investigated breast cancer (BC) subtypes defined by including Ki67. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relative proportions of immunohistochemical subtypes and differences in relative and disease-free survival between subtypes, in relation to patient and other cancer characteristics in Italian BC patient. METHODS: Information on estrogen, progesterone, human epidermal growth factor (HER2), Ki67, and relapses was obtained for 3,381 cases, sampled randomly and anonymously from cases diagnosed in 2003-2005 in nine Italian cancer registries. Relative excess risks (RERs) of death and risks of relapse 5 years after diagnosis were estimated. RESULTS: Luminal A cancers were 42 % of the total, luminal B 27 %, luminal-HER2 14 %, triple-negative 11 %, and HER2-enriched 7 %. For non-metastatic (3,302) cases, 4 and 7 % developed locoregional and distant metastases, respectively. RERs of death and risks of relapse were significantly greater for all cancer subtypes than luminal A, particularly for triple-negative and HER2-enriched cancers, which were more frequent in women <40 years. CONCLUSIONS: Our population-based findings confirm that subtype is an independent prognostic factor for BC. Triple-negative and HER2-enriched subtypes would benefit from the development and wide application, respectively, of targeted treatments, which would also improve survival for younger patients.
Resistance to platinum-based chemotherapy is a major cause of treatment failure in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer and predicts a poor prognosis. Previously, we found that HECTD3 confers cancer cell resistance to apoptosis. However, the significance of HECTD3 expression in ovarian cancer and its regulatory mechanisms were unknown. Here, we found that HECTD3 depletion promotes carboplatin-induced apoptosis in both an ovarian cancer cell model and a xenograft mouse model. Moreover, high HECTD3 expression is significantly associated with poor platinum response and prognosis in ovarian cancer patients. We further demonstrated that HER2 can up-regulate HECTD3 expression through activating STAT3. Furthermore, HER2 inhibitors, such as lapatinib, down-regulate HECTD3 expression and thus promote the chemosensitivity of ovarian cancer cells to carboplatin. Lapatinib combined with carboplatin also significantly inhibits serous ovarian carcinoma growth compared with each drug alone in a xenograft mouse model. HECTD3 may be considered a promising molecular predictor of platinum chemosensitivity and prognosis for serous ovarian cancer. Through decreasing HECTD3, lapatinib possesses significantly increased anti-tumor activity when combined with carboplatin compared with each agent alone, which provides an optional therapeutic regimen for serous ovarian cancer.
Despite the dramatic efficacy of EGFR-TKIs, most of non-small cell lung cancer patients ultimately develop resistance to these agents. In this study, we explored the effects of miRNA-125a-5p and miRNA-145, alone or in combination, EGFR expression, cell growth and sensitivity of the NSCLC cells to erlotinib. The expression of EGFR was measured using RT-qPCR and Western blotting. The effect of miRNAs and erlotinib on cell growth and survival was assessed by trypan blue assay and MTT assay, respectively. Apoptosis was measured using ELISA cell death assay. We found that transfection of miRNA-125a-5p and miRNA-145 significantly inhibited the expression of EGFR mRNA and protein in a time-dependent manner (p < 0.05 vs. blank control or negative control miRNA). ANOVA and Bonferroni's test were used to ascertain significant differences between groups. Other experiments indicated that upregulation of each of miRNA-125a-5p or miRNA-145 inhibited cell growth, induced apoptosis, and markedly decreased the IC(50) value of erlotinib in A549 lung cancer cells (p < 0.05). Moreover, the combination of two miRNAs showed a stronger effect on cells survival, apoptosis, and drug sensitivity, relative to single miRNA (p < 0.05). The results of our study indicate that the therapeutic delivery of miRNA-145 and miRNA-125a-5p to lung cancer may inhibit cell proliferation, trigger apoptosis, and sensitize lung cancer cells to EGFR-TKIs.
In our study we systematically compared the alternative fixatives acidified formal alcohol (AFA), PAXgene(R), HOPE(R), and combinations of AFA or formalin with ultrasound treatment to standard (buffered) formalin fixation. We examined general morphology and detectability of protein structures by immunohistochemistry of the membrane receptors epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R), and phosphorylated human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (phospho-HER2). In order to allow for stringent comparability of different fixation techniques, we used matched mouse xenograft tumor samples from three different human cancer cell lines (colon, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer), either fixed conventionally with formalin or an alternative fixative. Tissue morphology after fixation with AFA and PAXgene(R) was comparable to formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue (FFPET) morphology. Ultrasound fixations resulted in slightly inferior morphology and HOPE(R) fixation preserved morphology only poorly compared to FFPET in this system. None of the tested alternative fixatives enabled immunohistochemical detectability of all three targets in the same manner as FFPET. Pronounced staining was possible for EGFR and IGF-1R with all alternative fixatives but HOPE(R), and phospho-HER2 staining was only noteworthy with formalin-ultrasound-fixed tissue. Therefore, the use of alternative fixatives comes with the need for careful validation of obtained IHC results individually for each target.
BACKGROUND: The status of human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2) in breast-cancer cells predicts clinical outcomes in women who receive adjuvant anthracycline-based chemotherapy. We hypothesized that HER2 positivity predicts a benefit from adjuvant doxorubicin doses above standard levels, from the addition of paclitaxel after adjuvant chemotherapy with doxorubicin plus cyclophosphamide, or from both. METHODS: We randomly selected 1500 women from 3121 women with node-positive breast cancer who had been randomly assigned to receive doxorubicin (60, 75, or 90 mg per square meter of body-surface area) plus cyclophosphamide (600 mg per square meter) for four cycles, followed by four cycles of paclitaxel (175 mg per square meter) or observation. Tissue blocks from 1322 of these 1500 women were available. Immunohistochemical analyses of these tissue specimens for HER2 with the CB11 monoclonal antibody against HER2 or with a polyclonal-antibody assay kit and fluorescence in situ hybridization for HER2 amplification were performed. RESULTS: No interaction was observed between HER2 positivity and doxorubicin doses above 60 mg per square meter. HER2 positivity was, however, associated with a significant benefit from paclitaxel. The interaction between HER2 positivity and the addition of paclitaxel to the treatment was associated with a hazard ratio for recurrence of 0.59 (P=0.01). Patients with a HER2-positive breast cancer benefited from paclitaxel, regardless of estrogen-receptor status, but paclitaxel did not benefit patients with HER2-negative, estrogen-receptor-positive cancers. CONCLUSIONS: The expression or amplification, or both, of HER2 by a breast cancer is associated with a benefit from the addition of paclitaxel after adjuvant treatment with doxorubicin (<60 mg per square meter) plus cyclophosphamide in node-positive breast cancer, regardless of estrogen-receptor status. Patients with HER2-negative, estrogen-receptor-positive, node-positive breast cancer may gain little benefit from the administration of paclitaxel after adjuvant chemotherapy with doxorubicin plus cyclophosphamide.
INTRODUCTION: Fusions in neuregulin 1 (NRG1) and neuregulin 2 (NRG2) genes are molecular features of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). These rearrangements enhance ectopic expression of the NRG/ErbB receptor-ligand and induce the triggering of downstream pathways. Evidence suggests the involvement of the NRG1/ErbB3 axis deregulation in the progression and treatment resistance of NSCLC cancer (NSCLC) and that NRG1 fusions are prognostic/predictive markers for targeted therapy. AREAS COVERED: Biological and prognostic/predictive value of NRG1 and NRG2 fusions in NSCLC and their related cellular pathways are described and discussed. Publications in English language, peer-reviewed, high-quality international journals were identified on PubMed, as well as scientific official sites were used to update the international clinical trials progress. EXPERT OPINION: NRG1 and NRG2 fusions should be considered as novel markers for biological therapy targeting ErbB2/ErbB3. There is evidence for the involvement of the NRG1/ErbB3 axis deregulation in cancer stem cell phenotype, tumor progression, and resistance to NSCLC therapy. Neuregulin fusions are very complex, hence many question marks must be tackled before translating these molecular lesions into clinical practice. Biology, and aggressiveness of the NRG1 and NRG2 fusions warrant further investigations.
BACKGROUND: HER2-positive breast cancers are rare amongst BRCA mutation carriers. No data exist regarding clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis of this subgroup of patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Using a retrospective matched cohort design, we collected data from 700 women who were diagnosed with operable invasive breast cancer from January 2006 to December 2016 and were screened for germline BRCA mutations. Clinicopathological features and survival rates were analyzed by BRCA and HER2 status. RESULTS: One hundred and fifteen HER2-positive/BRCA mutated cases were evaluated in comparison to the three control groups: HER2-positive/BRCA wild type (n = 129), HER2-negative/BRCA mutated (n = 222), HER2-negative/BRCA wild type (n = 234). HER2-positive breast cancers were more likely to have high histologic grade and high proliferation rate than HER2-negative neoplasms, regardless of BRCA mutation status. An interaction between BRCA mutations and HER2-positive status was found to correlate with worse survival after adjusting for prognostic variables (HR = 3.4; 95% CI: 1.3-16.7). CONCLUSIONS: Co-occurrence of BRCA mutations and HER2-positive status is a poor prognostic factor in patients with early or locally advanced breast cancer. This finding may be a proof of concept that a combined pharmacological intervention directed to these targets could be synergistic.
There are very few reports of gastric cancer (GC) and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) occurring at the same time in the literature. In particular, the collision of GIST and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (HER-2)-positive gastric carcinoma in a patient with Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia (WM) has never been reported. We report the case of an 80-year-old male who initially presented with dizziness with fatigue for more than 1 month. He underwent total gastrectomy. Pathology revealed GC (moderately to poorly differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma), GIST (low-risk category) and low-grade small B-cell lymphoma with plasmacytoid differentiation. Furthermore, the diagnosis of WM was made after cytomorphologic and immunohistochemical analysis of the patient's bone marrow revealed the presence of lymphoplasma cells along with the MYD88 (L265P) mutation and an increased level of serum monoclonal immunoglobulin M (IgM). To our knowledge, this is the first case of such an association where WM occurred with concomitant HER2-positive gastric adenocarcinoma and gastric GIST. A review of the literature concerning the incredibly uncommon simultaneous triple incidence of malignant tumors with distinct histogenesis is presented below.
Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2), a routinely tested breast cancer marker, is associated with worse prognosis yet increased sensitivity to targeted neoadjuvant therapy (NAT) in breast cancer patients. The presence of HER2 in breast carcinoma can be detected with either immunohistochemistry (IHC) or in situ hybridization (ISH). In this study, we examine the relationship between clinicopathological features, HER2 detection method (IHC vs ISH), and prognostic outcomes in NAT-treated HER2-positive breast cancer patients. We included 99 HER2-positive patients from three academic institutions following 2018 HER2 testing updates and conducted a retrospective correlational study. Seventy-one (72%) were HER2-positive by IHC and 28 (28%) were positive following reflexive ISH. Multivariate analysis showed biomarker status to be significantly associated with pathologic complete response (pCR) (p = 0.003), Residual Cancer Burden (RCB) (p = 0.007), and tumor size downstaging (p = 0.002) and HER2 detection method of IHC to be significantly associated with pCR (p = 0.05), RCB (p = 0.004), and nodal downstaging (p= 0.03). In conclusion, HER2 detection method and biomarker subtype allow for further prognostic stratification of HER2-positive patients when 2018 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)/College of American Pathologists (CAP) guideline updates are applied.
BACKGROUND: The familial nonmedullary thyroid cancer (FNMTC) is suspected to be a Mendelian condition in up to 3-8% of thyroid cancers. The susceptibility chromosomal loci and genes of 95% of FNMTC cases remain to be characterized. The inheritance of FNMTC appears to be autosomal dominant with incomplete penetrance and variable expressivity. The finding of the causative gene of FNMTC and the identification of patients at risk that need genetic testing were our aim. METHODS: We analyzed by whole-exome sequencing patients and non-affected relatives of five families with at least two family members affected by papillary thyroid cancer, selecting for new or extremely rare variants with predicted pathogenic value. RESULTS: A family showed, in all three affected members, a new loss-of-function variant (frameshift deletion) in BROX gene at 1q41 that was absent from all internal and external databases. In a second family with three affected relatives, we found an additional new BROX variant. The smaller families presented no variants in BROX or in the other causative genes studied. CONCLUSIONS: BROX could be a new causative gene for FNMTC. Variants in BROX may result in the haploinsufficiency of a key gene involved in the morphogenesis of MVBs, in the endosomal sorting of cargo proteins, and in EGFR. Functional studies are needed to support this result. The thorough genomic analysis by NGS in all families with three or more affected members should become a routine approach to obtain a comprehensive genetic view and find confirmative second cases.
This study aimed to examine the effectiveness of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) in treating patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and the association between clinical characteristics and effectiveness. This retrospective study included 140 patients with NSCLC admitted to our hospital between July 2020 and July 2022. The patients were categorized into 2 groups according to the treatment that they received: a comparison group (67 patients) and a research group (73 patients). The comparison group received conventional chemotherapy, and the research group received conventional chemotherapy and EGFR-TKI-targeted therapy. The immune and tumor marker levels, clinical response, and relationship between clinical characteristics and response to therapy were compared between the 2 groups before and after treatment. After treatment, the levels of neuron-specific enolase and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and CD8+ count were significantly lower, and forced vital capacity, forced expiratory volume in 1 second, and CD4+ count were significantly higher in the research group than in the comparison group. After treatment, the clinical effectiveness in the 2 groups significantly improved, and the disease control rate in the research group was significantly higher than that in the comparison group (89% vs 69%, P = .014). The bivariate analysis revealed that smoking history, ECOG Performance Status score, and CEA level were significantly associated with clinical effectiveness. Conventional chemotherapy combined with EGFR-TKI-targeted therapy is effective in patients with NSCLC and has a clinically significant effect on improving patients' immune function and lung function.
BACKGROUND The present work was performed to detect the potential inhibitory effect of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-dependent protein kinase II (PKG II) on epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor-induced biological activity and related signal cascades in osteosarcoma cells. MATERIAL AND METHODS We transfected the osteosarcoma MG-63 cell line with an adenoviral vector encoding PKG II cDNA (Ad-PKGII) and incubated the transfected cells with 250 muM 8-pCPT-cGMP to activate the PKG II. We stimulated the MG-63 cells with100 ng/ml EGF, and then detected their proliferation using a CCK-8 assay. Transwell assay was used to examine MG-63 cell migration; and Western blot analysis was used to detect expression of matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) and activation of ERK and Akt. RESULTS Stimulating cells by 100 ng/ml EGF promoted MG-63 cell proliferation and migration, ERK and Akt phosphorylation, and MMP-9 expression. These effects of EGF were inhibited in MG-63 cells infected with Ad-PKGII and incubated with 8-pCPT-cGMP. CONCLUSIONS Our results demonstrate that Ad-PKGII infection significantly inhibited EGF-induced proliferation and migration, as well as the associated-signal cascades; which indicates that PKG II might be a potential anti-cancer factor.
PURPOSE: The RET proto-oncogene has been implicated in breast cancer, and the studies herein describe the preclinical and safety assessment of an anti-RET antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) being developed for the treatment of breast cancer. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: RET protein expression was analyzed in breast tumor samples using tissue microarrays. The fully human anti-RET antibody (Y078) was conjugated to the DM1 and DM4 derivatives of the potent cytotoxic agent maytansine using thioether and disulfide linkers, respectively. The resulting compounds, designated Y078-DM1 and Y078-DM4, were evaluated for antitumor activity using human breast cancer cell lines and established tumor xenograft models. A single-dose, 28-day, safety study of Y078-DM1 was performed in cynomolgus monkeys. RESULTS: By immunohistochemistry, RET expression was detected in 57% of tumors (1,596 of 2,800 tumor sections) and was most common in HER2-positive and basal breast cancer subtypes. Potent in vitro cytotoxicity was achieved in human breast cancer cell lines that have expression levels comparable with those observed in breast cancer tissue samples. Dose-response studies in xenograft models demonstrated antitumor activity with both weekly and every-3-weeks dosing regimens. In cynomolgus monkeys, a single injection of Y078-DM1 demonstrated dose-dependent, reversible drug-mediated alterations in blood chemistry with evidence of on-target neuropathy. CONCLUSIONS: RET is broadly expressed in breast cancer specimens and thus represents a potential therapeutic target; Y078-DM1 and Y078-DM4 demonstrated antitumor activity in preclinical models. Optimization of the dosing schedule or an alternate cytotoxic agent with a different mechanism of action may reduce the potential risk of neuropathy. Clin Cancer Res; 21(24); 5552-62. (c)2015 AACR.
MYBL2 is a transcription factor, which regulates the expression of genes involved in cancer progression. In this study, we investigated whether putative functional variants in genes regulating MYBL2 (E2F1, E2F3 and E2F4) or in genes, which are regulated by MYBL2 (BCL2, BIRC5, COL1A1, COL1A2, COL5A2, ERBB2, CLU, LIN9 and TOP2A) affect breast cancer (BC) susceptibility and clinical outcome. Twenty-eight SNPs were genotyped in a population-based series of 782 Swedish BC cases and 1,559 matched controls. BC-specific survival analysis of BIRC5 suggested that carriers of the minor allele of rs8073069 and rs1042489 have a worse survival compared with the major homozygotes (HR 2.46, 95% CI 1.39-4.36 and HR 1.81, 95% CI 1.01-3.25, respectively). The poor survival was observed especially in women with aggressive tumours. Multivariate analysis supported the role of rs8073069 as an independent prognostic marker. For BCL2, minor allele carriers of rs1564483 were more likely to have hormone receptor-positive tumours than the major homozygotes. Another SNP in BCL2, rs4987852, was associated with tumour stages II-IV and histologic grade 3. In CLU, the minor allele carriers of rs9331888 were more likely to have tumours with regional lymph node metastasis and stages II-IV than the major homozygotes. In conclusion, our study suggests a role of genetic variation in BIRC5, BCL2 and CLU as progression and prognostic markers for BC, supporting previous studies based on the expression of the genes.
Molecules specifically designed to modulate protein-protein interactions have tremendous potential as novel therapeutic agents. One important anticancer target is the chaperone Hsp90, whose activity is essential for the folding of many oncogenic proteins, including HER2, IGFIR, AKT, RAF-1, and FLT-3. Here we report the design and characterization of new tetratricopeptide repeat modules, which bind to the C-terminus of Hsp90 with higher affinity and with greater specificity than natural Hsp90-binding co-chaperones. Thus, when these modules are introduced into the cell, they out-compete endogenous co-chaperones for binding, thereby inhibiting Hsp90 function. The effect of Hsp90 inhibition in this fashion is dramatic; HER2 levels are substantially decreased and BT474 HER2 positive breast cancer cells are killed. Our designs thus provide new tools with which to dissect the mechanism of Hsp90-mediated protein folding and also open the door to the development of an entirely new class of anticancer agents.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The MONALEESA-7 trial demonstrated the efficacy and safety of ribociclib plus a nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitor (NSAI) [with goserelin] for pre-/perimenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative advanced breast cancer. This analysis evaluated the cost effectiveness of ribociclib plus NSAI vs NSAI monotherapy and tamoxifen monotherapy from the perspective of the Canadian healthcare system. METHODS: The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio expressed as incremental costs per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) gained for ribociclib plus an NSAI vs an NSAI and vs tamoxifen was estimated using a semi-Markov cohort model developed in Microsoft Excel with a 15-year time horizon and states for progression-free survival, post-progression survival, and dead. Survival distributions for progression-free survival, post-progression survival, and time to discontinuation as well as health-state utilities were estimated using data from MONALEESA-7. Direct costs of advanced breast cancer treatment were based on Canadian-specific values from published sources. Costs ($CAN 2019) and QALYs were discounted at 1.5% annually. RESULTS: Ribociclib plus an NSAI was estimated to yield gains of 1.42 life-years and 1.17 QALYs vs an NSAI, and 2.61 life-years and 2.12 QALYs vs tamoxifen, at incremental costs of $209,701 and $220,836, respectively. In probabilistic analyses, the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for ribociclib plus an NSAI was estimated to be $178,872 per QALY gained vs an NSAI and $104,400 per QALY gained vs tamoxifen. Results of deterministic analyses were similar (incremental cost-effectiveness ratios of $177,245 and $103,316 vs NSAI and tamoxifen, respectively). Results were sensitive to parametric distributions used for projecting progression-free survival and the time horizon. CONCLUSIONS: At its current list price, ribociclib used in combination with NSAI is likely to be co-effective relative to an NSAI alone or tamoxifen alone if the willingness-to-pay threshold is less than approximately $178,000 per QALY. These results have informed deliberations regarding reimbursement and access to this treatment in Canada and may be useful for decision makers in other settings.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is an activated oncogene in many cancers. It can be transactivated by ligands of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). We show here that a novel gene, human rhomboid family-1 (RHBDF1), which was recently reported to have a pivotal role in epithelial cancer cell growth in culture and in xenograft tumors, participates in the modulation of GPCR-mediated EGFR transactivation. The RHBDF1 protein localizes mainly in the endoplasmic reticulum. Silencing the RHBDF1 gene in head and neck squamous cancer cell line 1483 cells with siRNA causes an inhibition of gastrin-releasing peptide (GRP) -induced phosphorylation of EGFR and EGFR-dependent signaling proteins p44/42 MAPK and AKT, accompanied by an inhibition of GRP-induced survival, proliferation, and invasion of the cells. The EGFR signaling pathway itself remains intact, however, as the cells remain responsive to exogenous EGF. In addition, RHBDF1 gene silencing disrupts GRP-stimulated secretion of EGFR ligand TGF-alpha, but not the production of latent TGF-alpha, whereas engineered overexpression of RHBDF1 markedly accelerates the secretion of TGF-alpha. These findings are consistent with the view that RHBDF1 is critically involved in a GPCR ligand-stimulated process leading to the activation of latent EGFR ligands.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) blockade on cell survival and on downstream signalling pathways using the monoclonal antibody cetuximab. METHODS: We used three colon cancer cell lines, of which one was EGFR-negative, and two head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) lines. EGFR expression and gene copy number were measured by immunohistochemistry and FISH analysis, respectively. The effect of cetuximab, irradiation or the combination of both on cell growth was estimated by SRB assay. Western blotting was used to determine the phosphorylation of intracellular signalling proteins and cell cycle phase distribution was measured by flow cytometry. RESULTS: The addition of cetuximab had only limited effects on cell growth, with a maximum inhibition of approximately 30%, but was correlated with the amount of protein expression and gene copy number of EGFR. When combined with irradiation, the effect of cetuximab was only additive and not dependent on the inherent radio-sensitivity of the cell lines. Persistent phosphorylation of Akt and/or p44/42 MAPK was detected by western blot in all of the cell lines, whereas there was no phosphorylation of Jak2 or STAT3. CONCLUSIONS: None of these factors alone could predict the sensitivity to cetuximab. Rather, the results suggest that it might be necessary to determine the activation status of several intracellular signalling proteins to better predict the sensitivity to cetuximab treatment.
PURPOSE: To explore the immunogenicity of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) vaccines in patients with breast cancer based on type of anticancer treatment. METHODS: Patients with breast cancer had anti-spike antibody concentrations measured 14 days after receiving a full SARS-CoV-2 vaccination series. The primary endpoint was IgA/G/M anti-spike antibody concentration. Multiple regression analysis was used to analyze log(10)-transformed antibody titer concentrations. RESULTS: Between 29 April and 20 July 2021, 233 patients with breast cancer were enrolled, of whom 212 were eligible for the current analysis. Patients who received mRNA-1273 (Moderna) had the highest antibody concentrations [geometric mean concentration (GMC) in log(10): 3.0 U/mL], compared to patients who received BNT162b2 (Pfizer) (GMC: 2.6 U/mL) (multiple regression adjusted p = 0.013) and Ad26.COV2.S (Johnson & Johnson/Janssen) (GMC: 2.6 U/mL) (p = 0.071). Patients receiving cytotoxic therapy had a significantly lower antibody titer GMC (2.5 U/mL) compared to patients on no therapy or endocrine therapy alone (3.0 U/mL) (p = 0.005). Patients on targeted therapies (GMC: 2.7 U/mL) also had a numerically lower GMC compared to patients not receiving therapy/on endocrine therapy alone, although this result was not significant (p = 0.364). Among patients who received an additional dose of vaccine (n = 31), 28 demonstrated an increased antibody response that ranged from 0.2 to >4.4 U/ mL. CONCLUSION: Most patients with breast cancer generate detectable anti-spike antibodies following SARS-CoV-2 vaccination, though systemic treatments and vaccine type impact level of response. Further studies are needed to better understand the clinical implications of different antibody levels, the effectiveness of additional SARS-CoV-2 vaccine doses, and the risk of breakthrough infections among patients with breast cancer.
Metastatic cancer patients require a continuous monitoring during the sequential treatment cycles to carefully evaluate their disease evolution. Repetition of biopsies is very invasive and not always feasible. Herein, we design and demonstrate a 3D-flow focusing microfluidic device, where all optics are integrated into the chip, for the fluorescence quantification of CTCs in real samples. To test the chip performance, two cell membrane targets, the epithelial cell adhesion molecule, EpCAM, and the receptor tyrosine-protein kinase, HER2, are selected. The efficiency of the platform is demonstrated on cell lines and in a variety of healthy donors and metastatic-breast cancer patients.
The plasma proteome of 51 non-metastatic breast cancer patients receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT) was prospectively analyzed by high-resolution mass spectrometry coupled with nano-flow liquid chromatography using blood drawn at the time of diagnosis. Plasma proteins were identified as potential biomarkers, and their correlation with clinicopathological variables and survival outcomes was analyzed. Of 51 patients, 20 (39.2%) were HR+/HER2-, five (9.8%) were HR+/HER2+, five (9.8%) were HER2+, and 21 (41.2%) were triple-negative subtype. During a median follow-up of 52.0 months, there were 15 relapses (29.4%) and eight deaths (15.7%). Four potential biomarkers were identified among differentially expressed proteins: APOC3 had higher plasma concentrations in the pathological complete response (pCR) group, whereas MBL2, ENG, and P4HB were higher in the non-pCR group. Proteins statistically significantly associated with survival and capable of differentiating low- and high-risk groups were MBL2 and P4HB for disease-free survival, P4HB for overall survival, and MBL2 for distant metastasis-free survival (DMFS). In the multivariate analysis, only MBL2 was a consistent risk factor for DMFS (HR: 9.65, 95% CI 2.10-44.31). The results demonstrate that the proteomes from non-invasive sampling correlate with pCR and survival in breast cancer patients receiving NCT. Further investigation may clarify the role of these proteins in predicting prognosis and thus their therapeutic potential for the prevention of recurrence.
Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer death in the United States with a very low survival rate of 5 years. To better design new preventive and/or therapeutic strategies for the fight against pancreatic cancer, the knowledge of the pathogenesis of pancreatic cancer at the molecular level is very important. It has been known that the development and the progression of pancreatic cancer are caused by the activation of oncogenes, the inactivation of tumor suppressor genes, and the deregulation of many signaling pathways among which the EGFR, Akt, and NF-kappaB pathways appear to be most relevant. Therefore, the strategies targeting EGFR, Akt, NF-kappaB, and their downstream signaling could be promising for the prevention and/or treatment of pancreatic cancer. In this brief review, we will summarize the current knowledge regarding the pathogenesis, prevention, and treatment of pancreatic cancer.
INTRODUCTION: Oncotype DX((R)) recurrence score (RS) is well-recognized for guiding decision making in adjuvant chemotherapy; however, the predictive capability of this genomic assay in determining axillary response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT) has not been established. METHODS: Using the National Cancer Data Base (NCDB), we identified patients diagnosed with T1-T2, clinically N1/N2, estrogen receptor-positive/human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (ER +/HER2 -) invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast between 2010 and 2015. Patients with an Oncotype DX((R)) RS who received NCT were included. RS was defined as low (< 18), intermediate (18-30), or high (> 30). Unadjusted and adjusted analyses were performed to determine the association between axillary pathologic complete response (pCR) and RS. RESULTS: This study included a total of 158 women. RS was low in 56 (35.4%) patients, intermediate in 62 (39.2%) patients, and high in 40 (25.3%) patients. The majority of patients presented with clinical N1 disease (89.2%). Axillary pCR was achieved in 23 (14.6%) patients. When stratifying patients with axillary pCR by RS, 11 (47.8%) patients had a high RS, 6 (26.1%) patients had an intermediate RS, and 6 (26.1%) patients had a low RS. Comparing cohorts by RS, 27.5% of patients with high RS tumors had an axillary pCR, compared with only 9.7% in the intermediate RS group, and 10.7% in the low RS group (p = 0.0268). CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrate that Oncotype DX((R)) RS is an independent predictor of axillary pCR in patients with ER +/HER2 - breast cancers receiving NCT. A greater proportion of patients with a high RS achieved axillary pCR. These results support Oncotype DX((R)) as a tool to improve clinical decision making in axillary management.
Cancer cells balance with the equilibrium of cell death and growth to expand and metastasize. The activity of mammalian sterile20-like kinases (MST1/2) has been linked to apoptosis and tumor suppression via YAP/Hippo pathway-independent and -dependent mechanisms. Using a kinase substrate screen, we identified here MST1 and MST2 among the top substrates for fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (FGFR4). In COS-1 cells, MST1 was phosphorylated at Y433 residue in an FGFR4 kinase activity-dependent manner, as assessed by mass spectrometry. Blockade of this phosphorylation by Y433F mutation induced MST1 activation, as indicated by increased threonine phosphorylation of MST1/2, and the downstream substrate MOB1, in FGFR4-overexpressing T47D and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. Importantly, the specific knockdown or short-term inhibition of FGFR4 in endogenous models of human HER2(+) breast cancer cells likewise led to increased MST1/2 activation, in conjunction with enhanced MST1 nuclear localization and generation of N-terminal cleaved and autophosphorylated MST1. Unexpectedly, MST2 was also essential for this MST1/N activation and coincident apoptosis induction, although these two kinases, as well as YAP, were differentially regulated in the breast cancer models analyzed. Moreover, pharmacological FGFR4 inhibition specifically sensitized the HER2(+) MDA-MB-453 breast cancer cells, not only to HER2/EGFR and AKT/mTOR inhibitors, but also to clinically relevant apoptosis modulators. In TCGA cohort, FGFR4 overexpression correlated with abysmal HER2(+) breast carcinoma patient outcome. Therefore, our results uncover a clinically relevant, targetable mechanism of FGFR4 oncogenic activity via suppression of the stress-associated MST1/2-induced apoptosis machinery in tumor cells with prominent HER/ERBB and FGFR4 signaling-driven proliferation.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Breast cancer (BC) is a multifactorial disease, with genetic alterations in cell proliferation and migration pathways being significant risk factors. This study examines the association between three variants in the BIRC5 gene (rs8073069, rs17878467, and rs9904341) and breast cancer (BC) susceptibility. METHODS: Peripheral blood DNA samples were collected from 423 women (221 BC patients and 202 healthy controls). Genotyping was performed by polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) methodology. Associations were calculated using odds ratios (OR), with p-values adjusted by the Bonferroni test (significance at p </= 0.016). In silico analyses were conducted to predict the functional impact of the analyzed variants. RESULTS: Patients carrying the C/C genotype for the rs8073069 variant showed increased susceptibility to BC with early TNM (tumor-node-metastasis classification) stage and Luminal A subtype (OR > 2.00; p </= 0.004). For the rs17878467 variant, patients with the C/T or T/T genotype exhibited a higher susceptibility to developing breast cancer (BC), particularly at early TNM stages or with a histological lobular type (OR > 2.00; p </= 0.012). Regarding the rs9904341 variant, patients with the G/C or C/C genotype had a higher susceptibility to breast cancer. Notably, G/C genotype carriers with Luminal A and B subtypes, and C/C genotype carriers who had TNM stages II and III, and Luminal A, Luminal B, and HER2 subtypes demonstrated increased risk (OR > 2.00; p </= 0.009). The C-T-C haplotype (rs8073069-rs17878467-rs9904341) was significantly associated with BC (OR = 4.20; 95% CI = 2.38-7.41; p </= 0.001). In silico analysis using CADD indicated a low probability of deleterious effects. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the rs8073069, rs17878467, and rs9904341 variants in BIRC5 have a significant influence on breast cancer susceptibility.
Purpose: Refining the selection of HER2-positive metastatic gastric cancer patient candidates for trastuzumab is a challenge of precision oncology. Preclinical studies have suggested several genomic mechanisms of primary resistance, leading to activation of tyrosine kinase receptors other than HER2 or downstream signaling pathways.Experimental Design: We carried out this multicenter, prospective, case-control study to demonstrate the negative predictive impact of a panel of candidate genomic alterations (AMNESIA panel), including EGFR/MET/KRAS/PI3K/PTEN mutations and EGFR/MET/KRAS amplifications. Hypothesizing a prevalence of candidate alterations of 30% and 0% in resistant and sensitive HER2-positive patients, respectively, 20 patients per group were needed.Results: AMNESIA panel alterations were significantly more frequent in resistant (11 of 20, 55%) as compared with sensitive (0% of 17) patients (P < 0.001), and in HER2 IHC 2(+) (7 of 13, 53.8%) than 3(+) (4 of 24, 16.7%) tumors (P = 0.028). Patients with tumors bearing no candidate alterations had a significantly longer median progression-free [5.2 vs. 2.6 months; HR, 0.34; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.07-0.48; P = 0.001] and overall survival (16.1 vs. 7.6 months; HR, 0.38; 95% CI, 0.09-0.75; P = 0.015). The predictive accuracy of the AMNESIA panel and HER2 IHC was 76% and 65%, respectively. The predictive accuracy of the combined evaluation of the AMNESIA panel and HER2 IHC was 84%.Conclusions: Our panel of candidate genomic alterations may be clinically useful to predict primary resistance to trastuzumab in patients with HER2-positive metastatic gastric cancer and should be further validated with the aim of molecularly stratifying HER2-addicted cancers for the development of novel treatment strategies. Clin Cancer Res; 24(5); 1082-9. (c)2017 AACR.
BACKGROUND: Pertuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to HER2 at an epitope that prevents HER2 from dimerizing with ligand-activated HER-family receptors. To assess the potential of pertuzumab as a new therapy, the expression status of HER family members was determined in biliary tract carcinoma (BTC), and the antitumor activity of pertuzumab was investigated by assessing the inhibition of BTC cell growth. METHODS: The expression status of HER family members in 113 archival specimens of BTC was analyzed by using immunohistochemistry and fluorescence in situ hybridization. Using ten BTC cell lines, heregulin-alpha (HRG-alpha) stimulated cell proliferation and its inhibition by pertuzumab was tested in vitro. The phosphorylated HER family proteins and their respective downstream molecules were analyzed. In vivo antitumor activity of pertuzumab was evaluated in a xenograft model. RESULTS: Protein overexpression of HER2 and/or HER3 was observed in 23-34 % of the specimens and gene amplification in 17-27 %. Seven of the ten cell lines showed HER2 and/or HER3 protein overexpression and gene amplification, and HRG-alpha stimulated cell proliferation was observed in four of the ten cell lines. In a BTC cell line co-overexpressing HER2 and HER3, pertuzumab potently inhibited the HRG-alpha stimulated cell proliferation in a dose-dependent manner, and completely blocked the phosphorylation of HER3. Suppression of downstream pathway molecules including p-AKT was also observed. Pertuzumab inhibited the in vivo growth of subcutaneous tumors, and increased the number of apoptotic cancer cells. CONCLUSIONS: Pertuzumab exerts potent antitumor activity in BTC cells co-overexpressing HER2 and HER3. Pertuzumab provides a new therapeutic option against BTC.
Patient-derived organotypic tissue cultures (PD-OTC) are unique models for probing cancer metabolism and therapeutic responses. They retain patient tissue architectures/microenvironments that are difficult to recapitulate while affording comparison of cancer (CA) versus matched noncancer (NC) tissue responses to treatments. We have developed a long-term culturing method for fresh and cryopreserved PD-OTC of breast cancer patients bearing invasive ductal carcinoma. Five PD-OTC came from patients with treatment-naive primary ER(+)/PR(+)/HER2(-) tumors while one came from a patient with neoadjuvant therapy for locally metastatic ER(low)/PR(-)/HER2(-) tumor. They all exhibited tissue outgrowth in 1 month with some CA OTC harboring isolatable organoids and fibroblasts. We interrogated reprogrammed metabolism in CA versus paired NC OTC with dual (2)H(7)-glucose/(13)C(5),(15)N(2)-Gln tracers coupled with stable isotope-resolved metabolomic analysis. We noted variable activation of glycolysis, cataplerotic/anaplerotic Krebs cycle including reductive carboxylation, the pentose phosphate pathway, riboneogenesis, gluconeogenesis, de novo and salvage synthesis of purine/pyrimidine nucleotides, and ADP-ribosylation in CA PD-OTC. Altered metabolic activities were in part accountable by expression changes in key enzymes measured by reverse phase protein array profiling. Notably, Gln-fueled gluconeogenesis products were preferentially diverted to support purine nucleotide synthesis. When blocking this novel process with an inhibitor of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (3-mercaptopicolinic acid), metastatic, ER(low)/PR(-)/HER2(-) CA OTC displayed compromised cellularity, reduced outgrowth, and disrupted growth/survival-supporting metabolism but the matched NC OTC did not. Thus, our PD-OTC culturing method not only promoted understanding of actual patient's tumor metabolism to uncover viable metabolic targets but also enabled target testing and elucidation of therapeutic efficacy.
BACKGROUND: Breast cancer has a poor prognosis due to the high risk of distant metastasis. PURPOSE: To identify the prognosticators of brain metastasis from breast cancer treated by whole-brain radiotherapy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We evaluated patients diagnosed with primary brain metastasis without carcinomatous meningitis from breast cancer and had undergone whole-brain radiotherapy as initial treatment between 1 January 2010 and 30 September 2019. We investigated associations between overall survival time from diagnosis using cranial contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)/computed tomography (CT) and the following parameters: (i) age; (ii) sex; (iii) time to appearance of brain metastasis; (iv) other metastasis at appearance of brain metastasis; (v) blood test; (vi) symptoms at time of brain metastasis; (vii) whole-brain radiotherapy dose; (viii) whether whole-brain radiotherapy was completed; (ix) course of chemo- or radiotherapy; (x) subtype; (xi) additional irradiation after whole-brain radiotherapy; (xii) pathology; and (xiii) imaging findings. RESULTS: We evaluated 29 consecutive female patients (mean age 55.2 +/- 12.1 years). Median overall survival time after diagnosis on cranial contrast-enhanced MRI/CT was 135 days (range 16-2112 days). Multivariate stepwise analysis of the three parameters of lactate dehydrogenase, dose, and subtype identified the following significant differences: Hazard Ratio (HR) for dose (discontinued, 30 Gy/10 fractions, 31.5 Gy/11 fractions, 32.5 Gy/11 fractions, 37.5 Gy/15 fractions) was 0.08 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.02-0.30, P < 0.01), and HR for subtype (luminal, HER2, triple-negative) was 2.70 (95% CI 1.16-6.243, P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: HER2-type and 37.5 Gy/15 fractions are good prognostic factor after whole-brain radiotherapy in breast cancer with brain metastases.
Genetic variability in KRAS and EGFR predicts response to cetuximab in irinotecan refractory colorectal cancer. Whether these markers or others remain predictive in combination biologic therapies including bevacizumab is unknown. We identified predictive biomarkers from patients with irinotecan refractory metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab plus bevacizumab. Patients who received cetuximab plus bevacizumab for irinotecan refractory colorectal cancer in either of two Phase II trials conducted were identified. Tumor tissue was available for 33 patients. Genomic DNA was extracted and used for mutational analysis of KRAS, BRAF, and p53 genes. Fluorescence in situ hybridization was performed to assess EGFR copy number. The status of single genes and various combinations were tested for association with response. Seven of 33 patients responded to treatment. KRAS mutations were found in 14/33 cases, and 0 responded to treatment (p = 0.01). EGFR gene amplification was seen in 3/33 of tumors and in every case was associated with response to treatment (p < 0.001). TP53 and BRAF mutations were found in 18/33 and 0/33 tumors, respectively, and there were no associations with response to either gene. EGFR gene amplification and KRAS mutations are predictive markers for patients receiving combination biologic therapy of cetuximab plus bevacizumab for metastatic colorectal cancer. One marker or the other is present in the tumor of half of all patients allowing treatment response to be predicted with a high degree of certainty. The role for molecular markers in combination biologic therapy seems promising.
Polo-like kinase (PLK) family members are known to be functionally involved in mitotic signaling and in cytoskeletal reorganization in both normal and malignant cells. In this study, expression of PLK1 and PLK3 was determined immunohistochemically in tissue specimens of 135 breast carcinomas, and expression was correlated with clinicopathological parameters and patient prognosis. Strong PLK isoform overexpression was observed in 42.2% (PLK1) and 47.4% (PLK3) of breast carcinomas when compared with non-transformed breast tissue. A positive correlation of PLK isoform expression with tumor grade, vascular invasion, erbB2/HER-2 expression and markers of proliferative activity was evident. Additionally, an inverse correlation of PLK isoform expression and estrogen receptor status was observed. Overexpression of PLK3 but not of PLK1 was significantly linked to reduced median overall (P<0.001) and relapse-free (P=0.021) survival time. PLK3 expression remained an independent prognostic factor for overall (RR=3.2, P=0.002) and relapse-free (RR=2.9, P=0.049) survival in multivariate survival analysis. These results suggest PLK3 as a novel independent prognostic marker in breast cancer and hint toward a role for PLK isoform overexpression in disease progression. Therefore, in vivo inhibition of PLK family members might represent a rewarding approach in the development of new anticancer drugs for this tumor entity.
About 20% of breast cancer patients are positive for HER2. The efficacy of current treatments is limited by primary and secondary resistance to trastuzumab. tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs) have shown crucial regulatory roles in various cancers. This study aimed to evaluate the role of tRF-27 in regulating the resistance of HER2-positive breast cancer against trastuzumab. tRF-27 was highly expressed in trastuzumab-resistant cells, and its expression level could predict the resistance to trastuzumab. High expression of tRF-27 promoted the growth and proliferation of trastuzumab-exposed cells. RNA-pulldown assay and mass spectrometry were performed to identify Ras GTPase-activating protein-binding proteins 1 and 2 (G3BPs) (two proteins targeted by tRF-27); RNA-immunoprecipitation (RIP) to confirm their bindings; co-immunoprecipitation (co-IP) and RNA-pulldown assay to determine the binding domains between G3BPs and tRF-27.tRF-27 bound to the nuclear transport factor 2 like domain(NTF2 domain) of G3BPs through a specific sequence. tRF-27 relied on G3BPs and NTF2 domain to increase trastuzumab tolerance. tRF-27 competed with lysosomal associated membrane protein 1(LAMP1) for NTF2 domain, thereby inhibiting lysosomal localization of G3BPs and tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Overexpression of tRF-27 inhibited phosphorylation of TSCs and promoted the activation of mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1(MTORC1) to enhance cell proliferation and entice the resistance of HER2-positive breast cancer against trastuzumab.
Human papillomavirus (HPV)(+) and HPV(-) head and neck cancer (HNC) cells' interactions with the host immune system are poorly understood. Recently, we identified molecular and functional differences in exosomes produced by HPV(+) vs. HPV(-) cells, suggesting that genetic cargos of exosomes might identify novel biomarkers in HPV-related HNCs. Exosomes were isolated by size exclusion chromatography from supernatants of three HPV(+) and two HPV(-) HNC cell lines. Paired cell lysates and exosomes were analyzed for messenger RNA (mRNA) by qRT-PCR and microRNA (miR) contents by nanostring analysis. The mRNA profiles of HPV(+) vs. HPV(-) cells were distinct, with EGFR, TP53 and HSPA1A/B overexpressed in HPV(+) cells and IL6, FAS and DPP4 in HPV(-) cells. The mRNA profiles of HPV(+) or HPV(-) exosomes resembled the cargo of their parent cells. miR expression profiles in cell lysates identified 8 miRs expressed in HPV(-) cells vs. 14 miRs in HPV(+) cells. miR-205-5p was exclusively expressed in HPV(+) exosomes, and miR-1972 was only detected in HPV(-) exosomes. We showed that HPV(+) and HPV(-) exosomes recapitulated the mRNA expression profiles of their parent cells. Expression of miRs was dependent on the HPV status, and miR-205-5p in HPV(+) and miR-1972 in HPV(-) exosomes emerge as potential discriminating HPV-associated biomarkers.
Pancreatic cancer is one of the most lethal cancers, with an extremely poor prognosis. The development of more effective therapies is thus imperative. Natural origin compounds isolated from Plectranthus genus, such as parvifloron D (PvD), have cytotoxic and antiproliferative activity against human tumour cells. However, PvD is a very low water-soluble compound, being nanotechnology a promising alternative strategy to solve this problem. Therefore, the aim of this study was to optimize a nanosystem for preferential delivery of PvD to pancreatic tumour cells. Albumin nanoparticles (BSA NPs) were produced through a desolvation method. Glucose cross-linking and bioactive functionalization profiles of BSA platform were elucidated and analysed using static lattice atomistic simulations in vacuum. Using the optimized methodology, PvD was encapsulated (yield higher than 80%) while NPs were characterized in terms of size (100-400 nm) and morphology. Importantly, to achieve a preferential targeting to pancreatic cancer cells, erlotinib and cetuximab were attached to the PvD-loaded nanoparticle surface, and their antiproliferative effects were evaluated in BxPC3 and Panc-1 cell lines. Erlotinib conjugated NPs presented the highest antiproliferative effect toward pancreatic tumour cells. Accordingly, cell cycle analysis of the BxPC3 cell line showed marked accumulation of tumour cells in G1-phase and cell cycle arrest promoted by NPs. As a result, erlotinib conjugated PvD-loaded BSA NPs must be considered a suitable and promising carrier to deliver PvD at the tumour site, improving the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
More than 70% of breast cancers contain lymphocytic infiltration in the stroma, and preclinical studies suggest that immunoediting and partial control of cancer progression by the local immune microenvironment operate in most breast cancers. Consistent with this hypothesis, a large number of studies demonstrated a favorable prognostic and chemotherapy response predictive role for immune infiltration in breast cancer. The evidence is particularly strong for triple-negative and HER2-positive cancers. The development of clinically effective immune checkpoint inhibitors now provides an opportunity to test the therapeutic potential of augmenting the local antitumor immune response. Several phase I clinical trials using single-agent anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 antibodies demonstrated objective tumor response rates, with remarkably durable responses, in heavily pretreated, metastatic, triple-negative cancers and somewhat lower responses in estrogen receptor-positive cancers. Currently, close to 50 ongoing, or soon to open, clinical trials evaluate the role of this new treatment modality in breast cancer. Clin Cancer Res; 22(9); 2105-10. (c)2016 AACR.
BACKGROUND: The differences in country-specific treatment patterns across Europe for metastatic breast cancer (mBC) patients have not been extensively studied. This study compared the treatment choices in aggregate, as well as by biomarker status, between various lines of therapy in clinical practice in the EU-5 countries among newly diagnosed mBC patients. MATERIALS & METHODS: The IMS LifeLink Oncology Analyzer database, based on surveys of practicing oncologists, was used to identify mBC patients aged >/=21 years. In this database, sample-level data are projected to national-level estimates for each country using a sample projection technique. RESULTS: The prevalence of hormone receptors (71-74%) is quite similar across different countries, while HER2 overexpression varies from 22 (France) to 34% (Italy); chemotherapy combined with HER2-targeted medicine was the mainstay of treatment for HER2(+) patients. The use of HER2-targeted medicine and bevacizumab greatly varied: while they were most frequently used in France, they were least frequently used in the UK. Fewer treatment options existed for triple-negative patients and patients with HER2(+) disease following trastuzumab treatment. Chemotherapy was the treatment choice for triple-negative patients, as these patients do not respond to hormonal therapy and HER2-targeted medicine. CONCLUSION: This study found that, while a trastuzumab-based regimen is the preferred option for treating HER2(+) mBC patients in the EU-5, variations in this personalized medicine approach exist between different EU-5 countries. However, fewer treatment options exist for triple-negative and HER2(+) patients after trastuzumab treatment, highlighting the unmet need for these patient subgroups.
BACKGROUND: The Cytochrome P-4501A1 (CYP1A1) gene, located on chromosome 15q, is involved in the metabolism of carcinogens mainly polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as well as estrogen. It is considered as candidate gene for low-penetrance breast cancer susceptibility. Hence the present study aims to discuss the role of CYP1A1 polymorphisms in breast cancer. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 250 breast cancer patients and the same number of healthy age-matched controls were analyzed for the polymorphism of CYP1A1*2 by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism. RESULTS: In the present study, association of CYP1A1*2 (Ile 462Val) polymorphism with breast cancer was studied. Only one breast cancer patient was observed to be homozygous for Val allele but none among controls. The frequency of heterozygous Ile/Val genotype was found to be increased significantly in breast cancer patients (68.1%) as compared to controls (51.0%). Higher frequency of heterozygotes for Val allele was observed among premenopausal breast cancer patients and patients with high BMI, positive for HER2/neu status and advanced stage of the disease in comparison to the corresponding groups. No significant association of CYP1A1*2 polymorphism was observed with occupation, estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor status of breast cancer patients. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, our results suggest a significant correlation between CYP1A1*2 expression and the occurrence of breast cancer.
HER2 mutations, which account for 2-4% of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), are distinct molecular alterations identified via next generation sequencing (NGS). Previously, treatment outcomes in HER2-mutant metastatic NSCLC were dismal, showing limited clinical benefit with platinum-based chemotherapy with or without immunotherapy. In contrast to HER2-altered breast and gastric cancer, HER2-mutant NSCLC does not benefit from HER2 targeting agents such as trastuzumab or TDM1. HER2 mutations are also inherently different from HER2 overexpression and amplification. Currently, trastuzumab deruxtecan, a HER2 targeting antibody drug conjugate (ADC) is the first and only approved treatment option for patients with HER2-mutant metastatic NSCLC after failure with standard treatment. In this review, we summarized the biology of HER2 and detection of HER2 overexpression, amplification and mutations, as well as general landscape of landmark and ongoing clinical trials encompassing from chemotherapy to targeted agents, including tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), ADCs and investigational agents.
Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-induced drug resistance leads to a limited efficacy of tyrosine kinase inhibitors during lung cancer treatments. In this study, we explore the correlations between the local surface geometric properties of EGFR mutants and the progression-free survival (PFS). The geometric properties include local surface changes (four types) of the EGFR mutants compared with the wild-type EGFR, and the convex degrees of these local surfaces. Our analysis results show that the Spearmans rank correlation coefficients between the PFS and three types of local surface properties are all greater than 0.6 with small P-values, implying a high significance. Moreover, the number of atoms with solid angles in the ranges of [0.71, 1], [0.61, 1] or [0.5, 1], indicating the convex degree of a local EGFR surface, also shows a strong correlation with the PFS. Overall, these characteristics can be efficiently applied to the prediction of drug resistance in lung cancer treatments, and easily extended to other cancer treatments.
BACKGROUND: Emerging HER2-targeted therapies provide new treatment options for patients with HER2-expressing tumors. This study investigates the prevalence of HER2 amplification and HER2 low expression across a well-characterized cohort of endometrial carcinoma. METHODS: HER2 chromogenic in situ hybridization (CISH) was used to detect HER2 amplification in endometrial carcinoma samples. Chromogenic HER2 immunohistochemistry (IHC) was performed. HER2 low was defined as IHC 1 + /2+ and negative CISH. RESULTS: CISH confirmed HER2 amplification in 2% (n = 26) of the 1239 endometrial carcinoma samples including all the IHC 3+ cases (n = 13) and 20% of the 2+ cases (n = 55). Amplified cases presented various histotypes but consisted almost exclusively of p53 abnormal tumors. HER2 low 2+ category (n = 44) was heterogeneous with regard to molecular subgroup and histotype with 64.3% of the patients having high-risk disease. HER2 status did not independently predict disease-specific survival. CONCLUSIONS: p53 abnormal molecular subgroup predicts HER2 amplification better than histotype. HER2 low cases present a wide range of histotypes and molecular subgroups including many patients with high-risk uterine cancer. Future trials of anti-HER2 therapies will clarify the clinical relevance of HER2 low status, treatment indications and guidelines for HER2 testing in endometrial carcinoma.
Patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) carrying activating mutations of the KRAS gene do not benefit from treatment with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibodies. Therefore, KRAS mutation testing of mCRC patients is mandatory in the clinical setting for the choice of the most appropriate therapy. Co-amplification-at-lower denaturation-temperature PCR (COLD-PCR) is a novel modification of the conventional PCR method that selectively amplifies minority alleles from a mixture of wild-type and mutant sequences irrespective of the mutation type or position within the sequence. In this study, we compared the sensitivity of a COLD-PCR method with conventional PCR/sequencing and the real-time PCR-based Therascreen kit to detect KRAS mutations. By using dilutions of KRAS mutant DNA in wild-type DNA from colon cancer cell lines with known KRAS status, we found that Fast COLD-PCR is more sensitive than the conventional PCR method, showing a sensitivity of 2.5% in detecting G>A and G>T mutations. The detection of G>C transversions was not improved by either Fast COLD-PCR or Full COLD-PCR. We next analyzed by COLD-PCR, conventional PCR and Therascreen 52 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded samples from mCRC patients. Among 36 samples with >30% tumor cells, 8 samples were negative by conventional PCR, Therascreen and Fast COLD-PCR; 20 mutations identified by conventional PCR were confirmed by Therascreen and Fast COLD-PCR; 8 cases undetermined by conventional PCR were all confirmed to carry KRAS G>A or G>T mutations by using either Therascreen or Fast COLD-PCR. Conventional PCR was able to detect only 2 KRAS mutations among 16 samples with <30% tumor cells (12.5%), whereas Therascreen and Fast COLD-PCR identified 6 mutants (37.5%). These data suggest that Fast COLD-PCR has a higher clinical sensitivity as compared with conventional PCR in detecting G>C to A>T changes in the KRAS gene, which represent >90% of the mutations of this oncogene in CRC.
In cancer treatment, PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors are thriving. Activated T lymphocytes express PD-1; it works with its ligand PD-L1 to limit T lymphocyte activation and prevent autoimmune disease. The expression of molecular biomarkers and PD-L1 in lung cancer determines the appropriate treatment strategy for patients with lung cancer. The purpose of this study was to look at the prevalence of molecular biomarkers and PD-L1 expression in a large group of Tunisian patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. We conducted an observational retrospective study in which medical/treatment history data were extracted retrospectively from medical records and archived tissue samples between January 1, 2019, and December 31, 2021. We gathered 157 patients who had recently been diagnosed with non-small cell lung carcinoma. In 36.9% of the cases, there was no molecular genotyping. EGFR (28.6%), KRAS (5.73%), and ALK gene rearrangement were the most common genotyping mutations (3.8%). ROS1 rearrangement was not present. There was a link between EGFR and gender, HER and age, and KRAS and biopsy tissue origin. Six of the tested cases with PD-L1 met the cut-off (350%). PD-L1 positivity was more common in solid-type adenocarcinoma (1.9%) than in acinar or papillary adenocarcinoma. There were no significant differences in PD-L1 expression across clinical and demographic parameters. High PD-L1 expression and molecular abnormalities were found in one case of EGFR, one case of BRAF, and one case of KRAS (three cases). All of the other specimens with abnormalities had a PD-L1<50%. ALK, ROS1, BRAF, KRAS, and MET were found to be significantly associated with PD-L1 expression. Our study is one of the country's largest, describing a large panel of biomarkers and their clinicopathologic/histopathologic associations in Tunisian lung cancer patients. We have the same molecular profile as European patients with an EGFR mutation, which is not the most common genotype abnormality in Tunisian patients. There is only one mutation at any given time. The expression of PD-L1 is determined by the histologic type and the origin of the biopsy tissue.
BACKGROUND: Neratinib is a pan-ErbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor used for extended adjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Diarrhea is the main adverse event associated with neratinib treatment. We aimed here to determine whether antibiotic-induced gut microbial shifts altered development of neratinib-induced diarrhea. METHODS: Female Albino Wistar rats (total n = 44) were given antibiotics (vancomycin, neomycin, or a cocktail of vancomycin, neomycin and ampicillin) in drinking water for four weeks, and then treated daily with neratinib (50 mg/kg) for 28 days. Diarrhea, along with markers of gastrointestinal damage and microbial alterations were measured by histopathology and 16S sequencing, respectively. RESULTS: Rats treated with vancomycin or neomycin had significantly lower levels of diarrhea than rats treated with neratinib alone. In the distal ileum, neratinib was associated with a statistically significant increase in histological damage in all treatment groups expect the antibiotic cocktail. Key features included villous blunting and fusion and some inflammatory infiltrate. Differences in microbial composition at necropsy in vehicle control, neratinib and neratinib + neomycin groups, were characterized by a neratinib-induced increase in gram-negative bacteria that was reversed by neomycin. Neomycin shifted bacterial composition so that Blautia become the dominant genus. CONCLUSIONS: Narrow spectrum antibiotics reduced neratinib-induced diarrhea. This suggests that the microbiome may play a key role in the development and prolongation of diarrhea following neratinib treatment, although further research is required to understand the key bacteria and mechanisms by which they reduce diarrhea, as well as how this may impact presentation of diarrhea in clinical cohorts.
BACKGROUND: Estrogen plays an important role in the development of estrogen-dependent breast carcinoma. Recently, several studies demonstrated a possible involvement of several micro RNAs (miRNAs) in the development of resistance to endocrine therapy in breast cancer patients, but the correlation between estrogen actions and miRNA expression in breast carcinoma still remains largely unknown. Therefore, in this study, we examined the in vitro effects of estrogen upon miRNA expression profiles in breast carcinoma. METHODS: We first screened the miRNA expression profiles induced by 17beta-Estradiol (E2) using RT2 miRNA PCR Array in the ER-positive breast carcinoma cell line MCF-7. We identified miR-7 as the important miRNA associated with estrogen actions in these cells and further examined the changes of estrogen-dependent EGFR expression by miR-7 in ER-positive or -negative breast carcinoma cell lines including MCF-7. We also evaluated the correlation between miR-7 and EGFR expression in breast carcinoma cells derived from 21 patients using laser capture microdissection combined with quantitative reverse transcriptase-PCR. RESULTS: Seventeen miRNAs were significantly induced by E2 treatment in the MCF-7 cell line. Among 17 miRNAs induced by estradiol treatment, only miR-7 expression was significantly decreased by subsequent ICI treatment. The expression of miR-7 was up-regulated 2.94-fold by E2 treatment. miR-7 was reported to suppress epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression in several human malignancies. Transfection of miR-7 significantly suppressed EGFR mRNA levels in MCF-7 cells. Depletion of E2 from cell culture media also increased the expression level of EGFR mRNA in MCF-7 and T-47D cells but not in ER-negative, MDA-MB-231 and SK-BR-3 cells. We also evaluated the status of miR-7 in breast carcinoma tissues, but the correlation between the status of miR-7 and EGFR in carcinoma cells isolated by laser capture microscopy was not detected. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that miR-7 may play a role in the development of resistance to endocrine therapy in breast cancer patients through regulating EGFR expression of carcinoma cells.
BACKGROUND: Triple-negative breast cancer (estrogen receptor-, progesterone receptor-, and HER2-negative) (TNBC) is a high risk breast cancer that lacks specific therapy targeting these proteins. METHODS: We studied 969 consecutive Japanese patients diagnosed with invasive breast cancer from January 1981 to December 2003, and selected TNBCs based on the immunohistochemical data. Analyses of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene mutations and amplification, and BRCA1 mRNA expression were performed on these samples using TaqMan PCR assays. The prognostic significance of TNBCs was also explored. Median follow-up was 8.3 years. RESULTS: A total of 110 (11.3%) patients had TNBCs in our series. Genotyping of the EGFR gene was performed to detect 14 known EGFR mutations, but none was identified. However, EGFR gene copy number was increased in 21% of TNBCs, while only 2% of ER- and PgR-positive, HER2-negative tumors showed slightly increased EGFR gene copy numbers. Thirty-one percent of TNBCs stained positive for EGFR protein by immunohistochemistry. BRCA1 mRNA expression was also decreased in TNBCs compared with controls. Triple negativity was significantly associated with grade 3 tumors, TP53 protein accumulation, and high Ki67 expression. TNBC patients had shorter disease-free survival than non-TNBC in node-negative breast cancers. CONCLUSION: TNBCs have an aggressive clinical course, and EGFR and BRCA1 might be candidate therapeutic targets in this disease.
BACKGROUND: Aromatase inhibitors (AIs) are more effective than tamoxifen as neoadjuvant endocrine therapy (NET) for hormone receptor (HR)-positive breast cancer. Here we report the surgical and long-term outcome of elderly postmenopausal patients with locally advanced, HR-positive breast cancer treated with preoperative AIs. METHODS: Between January 2003 and December 2012, 144 postmenopausal patients inoperable with breast conservative surgery (BCS) received letrozole, anastrozole, or exemestane as NET. Patients underwent breast surgery and received adjuvant AIs. Adjuvant systemic therapy, chemotherapy and/or trastuzumab, and adjuvant radiotherapy were administered as appropriate, but limited to high-risk patients with few or no comorbidities. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 49 months, 4 (3.0 %) patients had local relapse, 18 (12.5 %) had distant metastases, and 24 (17.0 %) died. BCS was performed in 121 (84.0 %) patients. A tumor size <3 cm and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) negativity were predictors of BCS. The achievement of BCS and grade G1 were significantly associated with longer disease-free survival (DFS) (p = 0.009 and p = 0.01, respectively) and overall survival (p = 0.002 and p = 0.005, respectively). Residual tumor </=2 cm (yT0-yT1) in the longest diameter after NET was also statistically associated with longer DFS (p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this retrospective study indicate that elderly breast cancer patients with a tumor size <3 cm at diagnosis and HER2 negativity have a higher probability of achieving BCS after NET. Moreover, patients treated with BCS and with grade G1 tumor have a reduced risk of recurrence and death in the long-term follow-up.
BACKGROUND: The heterogenous expression of human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER) family members may contribute to poor response to current therapies with HER inhibitors in cancer. This study aimed to explore the co-expression and prognostic significance of HER family members with epidermal growth factor receptor variant III (EGFRvIII), cluster of differentiation 44 (CD44), cluster of differentiation 109 (CD109), and claudin 18.2 (CLDN18.2) in patients with stomach cancer. METHODS: The relative expression and prognostic significance of these biomarkers at different cut-off values were determined in 78 patients with stomach adenocarcinoma by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Of the 78 cases, positive tumor staining was present for wild-type EGFR (13%), HER2 (82%), HER3 (9%), HER4 (33%), EGFRvIII (33%), CD44 (41%), CD109 (60%), and CLDN18.2 (40%). Furthermore, the expression of HER2 was accompanied with the co-expression of EGFR (9%), HER3 (8%), HER4 (27%), EGFRvIII (28%), CD44 (33%), CD109 (49%), and CLDN18.2 (32%). Interestingly, at the cut-off value >/= 5% of tumor cells with positive staining, the co-expressions of HER2/EGFRvIII, EGFRvIII/CD44, and HER2/EGFRvIII/CD44 were associated with poor overall survival. Moreover, CLDN18.2 immunostaining of intensity of 3+, membranous expression of CD109, the co-expression of CD109/CLDN18.2 and CD109/EGFRvIII/CD44 were also associated with poorer overall survival and a higher risk of poor overall survival. All these remained as independent prognostic factors for survival in multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: This study provides first comprehensive analysis of the novel biomarker combinations that are significantly associated with overall survival. Co-expression of HER2 with EGFRvIII, CD44, and CD109, plus membranous CD109 and high-intensity CLDN18.2, independently predicted poor survival in stomach adenocarcinoma, highlighting their potential as prognostic biomarkers. These biomarker combinations may represent potential therapeutic targets for novel combination therapies, and future studies should investigate their predictive value for the response to therapy.
BACKGROUND: Invasive lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) patients with the micropapillary (MPP) component tend to have extremely poor prognosis. To optimize clinical outcomes, a better understanding of specific concurrent gene alterations and their impact on the prognosis of patients with the MPP component is necessary. METHOD: A total of 621 Chinese patients with surgically resected invasive LUAD who underwent genetic testing for lung cancer were enrolled in this retrospective study. The genomic profiling of major lung cancer-related genes based on next-generation sequencing (NGS) was carried out on formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor samples. RESULT: Among 621 patients with invasive LUAD, 154 (24.8%, 154/621) had the MPP component. We found that PIK3CA (4.5% vs 1.3%), KRAS (9.1% vs 4.7%), and ROS1 (2.6% vs 0.4%) were more frequent in patients with the MPP component than those without the MPP component (P < 0.05). The co-mutation occurred in 66 patients (10.6%, 66/621), of which 19 patients with the MPP component. Most of them were EGFR co-mutations (89.5%, 17/19), including EGFR and PIK3CA, EGFR and ERBB2, and other types. Patients with the MPP component who harbored EGFR co-mutations showed significantly worse recurrence-free survival (RFS) than single EGFR mutation (median RFS 20.1 vs 30.5 months; hazard ratio [HR]: 8.008; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.322-48.508). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with the MPP component harbored the co-mutation of driver genes had a higher risk of recurrence after surgery, especially in patients with EGFR co-mutation. EGFR co-mutation was a significant prognostic factor for RFS in patients with the MPP component.
Genetic mutation has served as the biomarkers for the diagnosis and treatment of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). However, intra-tumor heterogeneity may interfere with personalized treatment strategies based on mutation analysis. This study aimed to characterize somatic mutation profiling of GBM. We collected 33 samples from 7 patients with the primary GBM associated with different Choline (Cho) to N-acetylaspartate (NAA) index (CNI) through the frameless proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) guided biopsies and investigated multiple somatic mutations profiling using the AmpliSeq cancer hotspot panel V2. We identified 53 missense or nonsense mutations in 27 genes including some novel mutations such as APC and IDH2. The mutations in EGFR, TP53, PTEN, PIK3CA genes were presented with different frequency and the majority of the mutated gene was only shared by 1-2 samples from one patient. Moreover, we found the association of CNI with histological grade, but there was no significant change of CNI in the presence of TP53, EGFR and PTEN mutations. These data suggest that gene mutations constitute a heterogeneous marker for primary GBM which may be independent of intra-tumor morphological phenotypes of GBM; therefore, gene mutation markers could not be determined from a small number of needle biopsies or only confined to the high-grade region.
We experienced the case of successful conversion to distal gastrectomy for gastric cancer with direct invasion to the pancreatic head after the pre-operative chemotherapy. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy in a 66-year-old man revealed a tumor at the gastric antrum. Abdominal computed tomography (CT) showed that the tumor of the antrum was in contact with the pancreatic head. A biopsy of the tumor confirmed an adenocarcinoma and an overexpression of HER2 (3+). Staging laparoscopy showed the direct invasion of the gastric tumor to the pancreatic head. The patient received S-1, oxaliplatin and trastuzumab. After the pre-operative chemotherapy, CT showed a significantly shrinking tumor detached from the pancreatic head. Subsequently, distal gastrectomy was performed. Intra-operative exploration showed that the gastric tumor separated from the pancreatic head. The accumulation of trials for pre-operative chemotherapy for local advanced gastric cancer is expected.
The Triple-Negative Breast Cancers (TNBCs) poor survival outcomes are related to not responding to hormonal therapy or targeting HER2 protein. The aim of this study was to introduce a drug among the conventional chemotherapy drugs based on the transcripts of the TNBC patients. The transcriptome of MDA-MB-468 cell line as a TNBC model was analyzed in the presence of 17 common drugs in fifteen GEO datasets. Then, decreased gene lists in the presence of each drug were compared in different subtypes of breast cancer based on TCGA data. The effect of selected drug on survival and apoptosis rates of MDA-MB-468 and MCF-7 cells (as ER+/PR + model) were compared. The outcomes showed that the expression of the decreased gene by Rapamycin among other drugs increased in TNBC subtype compared to the other two subtypes including triple-positive and ER+/PR+. The expression of PSAT1 in TNBC group was significant higher than normal and other subtypes (p </= 0.0001), and was introduced as a biomarker in TNBC that its expression was down-regulated by Rapamycin based on in silico studies. In the presence of 3000 microg/mL Rapamycin, there was a sharp decrease in MDA-MB-468 cell viability (p </= 0.0001) and a significant increase in apoptosis compared to MCF-7 cells treated with the same concentration of the drug. Moreover, RT-qPCR revealed PSAT1 expression more decreased under Rapamycin-treatment in TNBC cells compared to ER + PR + cells. The results of this study show that Rapamycin is a suitable drug for targeting TNBC based on its transcriptome and biomarker.Supplemental data for this article is available online at.
BACKGROUND: Genetic variation of the Kras oncogene is a candidate factor for increasing susceptibility to carcinoma and modulating response of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) patients treated with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody (anti-EGFR). However, results from an increasing number of studies concerning the association of Kras gene rs712 and rs61764370 polymorphisms with risk of cancer and treatment of mCRC using anti-EGFR remain equivocal. METHODS: Risk associations were evaluated in 1,661 cases and 2,139 controls from six studies concerning rs712 and 14,796 cases and 14,985 controls from 29 studies concerning rs61764370. Response association was also examined in a subset of four studies pertaining to rs61764370 and anti-EGFR treatment in mCRC. RESULTS: Results of a meta-analysis showed that allele T (P-value of heterogeneity test [P H] =0.08, odds ratio [OR] =1.33, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.08-1.64) and genotype GT/TT (P H=0.14, OR =1.30, 95% CI: 1.10-1.55) in rs712 were strongly associated with cancer in Chinese subjects. No evidence of association was observed between rs712 and risk of cancer in the overall population or between rs61764370 and ovarian, breast, colorectal, or non-small-cell lung cancer risk in the Caucasian population. No significant association was found between rs61764370 and patient response to anti-EGFR therapy in mCRC. CONCLUSION: The findings not only provide further evidence that allele T of rs712 increases genetic predisposition to cancer in Chinese population, but also no significant association between rs61764370 and cancer risk in Caucasian population, and suggest that genotype GT/TT of rs61764370 may not be a biomarker for predicting clinical outcome of anti-EGFR therapy in mCRC.
PURPOSE: PUFFIN (NCT02896855), a Chinese bridging study in patients with previously untreated HER2-positive locally recurrent or metastatic breast cancer, assessed consistency of efficacy and safety of pertuzumab plus trastuzumab and docetaxel versus placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel, with CLEOPATRA (NCT00567190). METHODS: Eligible patients, n = 243, were randomized 1:1, stratified by visceral disease and hormone receptor status, to pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel or placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel. PRIMARY ENDPOINT: investigator-assessed progression-free survival (PFS). Secondary endpoints: safety and overall survival (OS). After primary analysis, patients could cross over to the pertuzumab arm. RESULTS: Updated median PFS: 16.5 months (pertuzumab arm) and 12.5 months (placebo arm), with a hazard ratio (HR) of 0.60 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.45, 0.81; p = 0.0008]. Median OS was not reached in either arm; the OS HR was 0.68 (95% CI 0.45, 1.03; p = 0.0658). Safety was similar in both arms with no new safety signals: 73.8% (pertuzumab arm) and 69.2% (placebo arm) experienced grade >/= 3 adverse events. No heart failure, symptomatic left ventricular systolic dysfunction, or left ventricular ejection fraction decline of < 40% were reported. CONCLUSIONS: The PUFFIN final analysis showed, per the primary analysis, that overall efficacy of pertuzumab plus trastuzumab and docetaxel was consistent with CLEOPATRA. Safety remained consistent with the known pertuzumab profile. Overall, PUFFIN contributes to the totality of data with pertuzumab in previously untreated HER2-positive locally recurrent or metastatic breast cancer and supports the favorable benefit-risk profile of pertuzumab in Chinese patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02896855, registered 7 September 2016.
BACKGROUND Male breast cancer is rare, accounting for approximately 1% of all malignancies in men. The lack of awareness of this rare cancer results in delayed diagnosis and its aggressive behavior can result in poor prognosis. This report is of a case of locally advanced, high-grade breast cancer in a 59-year-old man who was reluctant to undergo diagnostic procedures, and describes the approach to clinical management. CASE REPORT A 59-year-old man presented with a large left breast mass with enlarged axillary lymph nodes. The patient had ignored the mass and declined all diagnostic procedures. After modifying the diagnostic workup and involving a psychiatrist, the patient agreed to undergo a modified radical mastectomy. Histopathology showed a high-grade invasive ductal carcinoma with lymph node metastasis. The breast cancer was triple-positive for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), estrogen receptor (ER), and progesterone receptor (PR). Adjuvant treatment included herceptin, tamoxifen, and radiation therapy. CONCLUSIONS This case demonstrates the importance of raising public awareness of breast cancer in men, and to assess and overcome the factors leading to delay in accessing medical attention. In challenging cases, modifying the diagnostic workup and the treatment approach with the least deviation from the standard of care, including counseling may be required.
The CXCL13-CXCR5 is a chemokine axis that is activated in some breast cancers. A total of 321 tissue blocks from a group of patients who received adjuvant, dose-dense chemotherapy for high-risk early breast cancer were examined. Activation of this axis was found to be associated with determinants of poor prognosis but also with improved outcome in the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 overexpressing subpopulation. BACKGROUND: Chemokines are important in cell migration and are thought to play a key role in metastasis. We explored the prognostic significance of C-X-C ligand-motif (CXCL) 12, CXCL13, and receptor (CXCR) 5 on disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) in early breast cancer. METHODS: A total of 595 patients with high risk, [corrected] early breast cancer were treated in a 2-arm trial (HE10/97) with dose-dense sequential epirubicin followed by cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and 5-fluorouracil (CMF) with or without paclitaxel. RNA was extracted from 321 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded primary tumor tissue samples and quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction was used to assess messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of CXCL12, CXCL13, and CXCR5; estrogen receptor; progesterone receptor (PgR); microtubule-associated protein tau and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). RESULTS: CXCL13 and CXCR5 were found to be negatively associated with estrogen receptor and microtubule-associated protein tau mRNA expression and with dense lymphocytic infiltration, and were positively associated with nuclear grade. Only CXCL13 was positively associated with HER2. Multivariate analysis revealed an association between high CXCL13 mRNA expression and improved DFS (hazard ratio [HR] 0.48 [95% CI, 0.25-0.90]; Wald, P = .023) but not OS; whereas high CXCL12 expression was significantly associated with increased OS (HR 0.53 [95% CI, 0.33-0.85]; Wald, P = .009). In the HER2 mRNA overexpressing subgroup, high CXCL13 mRNA expression was associated with improved DFS (P < .001), whereas high CXCR5 was associated with increased DFS and OS (P = .004 and P = .049, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The CXCL13-CXCR5 axis is associated with classic determinants of poor prognosis, such as high grade, hormone receptor negativity, and axillary node involvement. Interestingly, this chemokine axis seems to be strongly associated with improved outcome in patients with HER2(+) disease.
Purpose: Bone metastasis (BoM) has been closely associated with increased morbidity and poor survival outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Given its significant implications, this study aimed to systematically compare the biological characteristics between advanced NSCLC patients with and without BoM. Methods: In this study, the genomic alterations from the tumor tissue DNA of 42 advanced NSCLC patients without BoM and 67 patients with BoM and were analyzed by a next-generation sequencing (NGS) panel. The serum concentrations of 18 heavy metals were detected by inductively coupled plasma emission spectrometry (ICP-MS). Results: A total of 157 somatic mutations across 18 mutated genes and 105 somatic mutations spanning 16 mutant genes were identified in 61 out of 67 (91.05%) patients with BoM and 37 of 42 (88.10%) patients without BoM, respectively. Among these mutated genes, NTRK1, FGFR1, ERBB4, NTRK3, and FGFR2 stood out exclusively in patients with BoM, whereas BRAF, GNAS, and AKT1 manifested solely in those without BoM. Moreover, both co-occurring sets of genes and mutually exclusive sets of genes in patients with BoM were different from those in patients without BoM. In addition, the serum concentrations of Cu and Sr in patients with BoM were significantly higher than in patients without BoM. One of our aims was to explore how these heavy metals associated with BoM interacted with other heavy metals, and significant positive correlations were observed between Cu and Co, between Cu and Cr, between Sr and Ba, and between Sr and Ni in patients with BoM. Given the significant impacts of molecular characteristics on patients' prognosis, we also observed a noteworthy negative correlation between EGFR mutations and Co, alongside a significant positive correlation between TP53 mutations and Cd. Conclusions: The genomic alterations, somatic interactions, key signaling pathways, functional biological information, and accumulations of serum heavy metals were markedly different between advanced NSCLC patients with and without BoM, and certain heavy metals (e.g., Cu, Sr) might have potentials to identify high-risk patients with BoM.
The systemic treatment options for advanced gastric cancer (GC) have evolved rapidly in recent years. We have reviewed the recent data of clinical trial incorporating targeted agents, including inhibitors of angiogenesis, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2), mesenchymal-epithelial transition, epidermal growth factor receptor, mammalian target of rapamycin, claudin-18.2, programmed death-1 and DNA. Addition of trastuzumab to platinum-based chemotherapy has become standard of care as front-line therapy in advanced GC overexpressing HER2. In the second-line setting, ramucirumab with paclitaxel significantly improves overall survival compared to paclitaxel alone. For patients with refractory disease, apatinib, nivolumab, ramucirumab and TAS-102 have demonstrated single-agent activity with improved overall survival compared to placebo alone. Pembrolizumab has demonstrated more than 50% response rate in microsatellite instability-high tumors, 15% response rate in tumors expressing programmed death ligand 1, and non-inferior outcome in first-line treatment compared to chemotherapy. This review summarizes the current state and progress of research on targeted therapy for advanced GC.
BACKGROUND: The TORCH phase III trial compared the efficacy of first-line erlotinib followed by chemotherapy at progression (experimental arm) with the reverse sequence (standard arm) in unselected advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Here we report biomarker analyses. METHODS: EGFR and KRAS mutation, expression of EGFR family members and of cMET and PTEN and EGFR and ABCG2 germline polymorphisms were tested on tumor tissue or blood samples to either confirm previously proposed predictive role or describe it in an explorative setting. Progression-free survival (PFS) was the primary end-point, overall survival, response rate and side effects (diarrhoea and skin toxicity) were secondary end-points. Interactions between biomarkers and treatment were studied with multivariable models (either Cox model or logistic regression). Statistical analyses accounted for multiple comparisons. RESULTS: At least one biomarker was assessed in 324 out of 760 patients in the TORCH study. EGFR mutation was more common in female (P = 0.0001), East Asians (P < 0.0001) and never smoker (P < 0.0001) patients; low MET protein expression by IHC (H-score <200) was more frequent in squamous (P < 0.00009) and ABCG2 C/A or A/A polymorphism was more frequent among East-Asian patients (P = 0.0003). A significant interaction was found for EGFR mutation in PFS and response rate analyses while no predictive effect on OS was found for any biomarker. No biomarker tested was prognostic for PFS and OS. No polymorphism was significantly associated with skin toxicity or diarrhea. CONCLUSION: In the present study, beyond the known role of EGFR mutation, no other biomarker has predictive or prognostic role.
We report a case of concomitant EML4-ALK and TPM3-ROS1 fusion in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in a 47-year-old Chinese man and review the clinical characteristics of this type double of fusion. The patient presented with a local tumor of the left upper lobe and underwent thoracoscopy. Postoperative surgical pathologic staging revealed T(1a) N(0) M(0) stage IA. Histological examination of the tumor showed lung adenocarcinoma. Ventana ALK (D5F3) assay of the left lung tissue was ALK negative; however, immunohistochemical assay was positive for ROS1 protein. Using next generation sequencing, we found that the tumor had concomitant EML4-ALK and TPM3-ROS1 fusion. No recurrence was observed during seven months of follow-up. Precise diagnostic techniques allow the detection of concomitant ROS1 fusion and other driver genes, including ALK or EGFR; therefore oncologists should consider this rare double mutation in NSCLC patients. Further exploration of treatment models is required to provide additional therapeutic options.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To critically review the existing evidence on immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in early-stage and metastatic breast cancer and discuss emerging strategies in the different breast cancer subtypes. RECENT FINDINGS: Immunotherapy has become one of the major milestones in contemporary oncology, revolutionizing the treatment of multiple solid tumors. ICI agents combined with chemotherapy have demonstrated significant efficacy in both early-stage and metastatic triple-negative breast cancer. However, only a subgroup of patients responds to those agents and some associated toxicities, although infrequent, can be life-disabling. Emerging data from immunotherapy studies in advanced hormone receptor-positive (HR +) breast cancer as well as HER2-positive disease are arising with mixed results. Although breast cancer has not classically been considered a hot tumor, ICIs have proven to be effective in a subset of breast cancer patients. However, much remains to be learned, and the identification of new biomarkers beyond PD-L1 expression is essential not only to improve the efficacy of ICI but also to identify patients who can avoid them, together with their toxicities and costs.
