Noah never truly intended to return to this gravel road. Yet, here he was, kicking up dust in his little red pickup and his sweet Maisie in his passenger. He reached over and ran a hand behind her ears, smiling at how she attempted to lick his arm. That smile fell when a tin-roofed house came into view as he turned around the bend. It was a sickly familiar building, his childhood home. As Noah pulled into the spot next to his old gray truck that had not moved for at least three years, he realized that he had been tricked. He was not needed at home, not really; he had half a mind to put the truck into reverse and tear back down the road when his mama came out onto the porch. The last time he had driven down here was after he picked up the truck, wondering whether or not the fact that his cab had turned into a temporary aquarium meant that his truck was now haunted. And yet, here he was. He opened the door, walking around to the other side to let Maisie out. She wagged her tail as she ran off around the house, sniffing the grass as she went. Noah stared at his mama, hating the smug smile stuck to her face. “Noah!” She called, walking over with her arms outstretched. She clasped his face between her hands, as if he would slip away when she let go. Her palms ran cold, almost clammy. Noah pulled away, ducking his head away from her with his face blazing. He never liked her touchiness all too much growing up, and the time apart had multiplied that disdain. Maisie barked in the distance, accompanied by the rustle of leaves. Noah’s body tensed, but he did not turn to look in her direction.  “Come in baby, it’s been so long since you were here,” his mama said softly. Her voice rasped as if she had been sick recently. “Let me call Maisie back,” Noah said back to her, more than happy to put a distance between them. He turned back to the direction Masie had run off to, and he whistled his pinkies to his mouth. When the border collie did not appear after a few seconds, Noah frowned. While he waited, he turned to the soybean field that lined the side of the gravel road. It had overgrown completely, with vines and weeds in between the individual plants. “Hey, Mama,” Noah called, “when was the last time Dad worked the field? It looks like it hasn’t been touched in ages.” “Oh, you know how he gets when he doesn’t feel good,”  Mama replied. That does not sound right, Noah thought. Dad would have worked that field until the day he dropped. Which he did recently, but Mama had left out the details in the short call a week earlier. This was not a week’s worth of neglect. It was at least two, maybe three months? “Maisie!” Noah called. He muttered under his breath, “Where is that damn dog?” “Come in, dear. Don’t worry about the collie,” his mama said from behind him. She sounded much closer than before, but when he flinched from surprise and turned back to her, she was still on the porch. He shook his head; being here, at home- it was throwing him off. The rustling in bushes grew louder and louder, and Noah focused on the sound. He would not look directly at the treeline (that lesson, at least, had not left his mind), but he could hear the  familiar panting. It grew louder, distorted even, and for some reason, the hairs on the back of Noah’s neck stood on end. An aching fear, almost. Not one he was unfamiliar with, sure; but, with Maisie? It was just his dog. The sound grew closer, and he braced himself- And his sweet Maisie appeared from the trees, wagging her tail happily and panting, normally this time. He knelt and scratched her neck, listening to his mama call from inside the house to him. Noah stood back up, turning around to go to the house. His mama was right behind him, watching him as he pet his herd dog. Noah jumped in his skin, watching as his mama chuckled at him. “I thought you were in the house,” he complained, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’s alright, sweetheart,” she said, although she still sounded almost far away. Noah shook his head, following her onto the porch. He turned back to Maisie, who had stayed in her spot. Her hair bristled, and her eyes did not blink as she watched Mama walk into the house.  “Come on girl!” Noah called to her, and she whined at him in response. He called again, and she followed him through the door with her tail tucked between her legs.   Noah rose like the dead the next morning as the sun peaked through the tree line. The floorboards creaked as he stepped across his childhood bedroom, picking out clothes he had unpacked into the beat-up dresser the evening previous.  While he had kept a decent routine with his construction job and kept up his early mornings, it had been some time since he woke up with the sunrise. In fact, the last time had been with his father right before Liza’s funeral. As he  stepped through the front door and turned towards the shed with the farming equipment, the familiarity of the routine settled into his bones. As he worked, the pull of the muscles and the leaves brushing against his forearms and ankles sent a rush of nostalgia. It reminded him of when he was little, when his family was whole. Liza and he would run through the woods, their youngest sister Allison chasing after them both. Nan, calling all of them in when the sun hit the horizon as Mama cooked and Dad tended to the yard work. He was too young to remember Allison’s funeral properly, just the general details; she walked into the woods one day in the summer when they were all playing, and they never found her. He was old enough to remember Nan’s funeral and the night she passed. She had sat out one night on the porch, something she was strict about the younger members of the family not doing. An hour later Mama went to check on her, and she was gone. A heart attack, they told his parents. So far off from the stories of a “blood curse” his Nan so often preached about. They had gone several years with just the four of them. Their senior year had rolled around, and Liza had earned some big scholarship for a school somewhere up north. Of course, Dad pitched a fit over it and Mama was more worried about Noah taking up the family farm when he graduated than to worry about where Liza was running off to. They only had weeks left before the school year was over. Weeks. And then Liza was gone, into the lake. Noah stared at the image of his Mama and Dad sitting across the table from him, watching as they dug into their food, stuffing down mashed potatoes and biscuits.  “I think I finally got the seasoning right,” Mama said, pointing her fork at the bowl of fluffy white potatoes, “it took me just about four tries to get it that way!” Dad shook his head at her, grumbling to himself. “Your Nan never took that long to make damned potatoes,” he said to Noah. “Nan’s potatoes were always good,” he muttered to himself, as his Mama gave his father a look that would murder. “Robert!” She whined, lightly smacking his arm. A slight scratching noise came from the front door, and Noah forced himself to focus on the food in front of him. Noah grimaced as he bit into the biscuits, feeling the moisture leave his mouth at the contact. Mama immediately noticed his reaction, foregoing Dad and hurrying over to refill his glass of water. If he looked hard enough, it was almost as if he could see Liza giggling in the corner, just as they had on many occasions when their father got too irritated and their mother too wound up. “Mama, no,” he said, shooing her back over to the other side. His Mama frowned. “I just want to take care of you, baby.” Noah shook his head, turning back to his plate. The chicken pot pie still steamed on the white scratched plate, even though it had been pulled from the oven well over thirty minutes ago. “Do you want me to go pick up the truck tomorrow?” Noah asked, and the table went quiet. Dad shifted in his seat, leaning back. “Well, I’d reckon you’d ought to do something useful.” He paused for a moment, glancing at the empty seat to the left of Noah. An odd look  crossed his face, something a mix of disdain and that mournful look Dad had when they had Nan’s funeral all those years ago. As quickly as the expression crossed his face, it disappeared.  Dad huffed. “Never should have given her that damn truck.” “It wasn’t just her truck,” Noah said, knuckles white from gripping the fork in his hand tightly. “It was mine, too.” A beep sounded from the kitchen, a familiar peachy fragrance following it. “Oh, that’s the cobbler! I’ll be right back.” Mama Kay walked through the archway.  Dad stewed in his seat, his face still beet flushed with anger while Noah picked at his food. At some point during their dinner, the scratching had picked up. “Here it is!” Mama said as she brought back in what looked to be a peach cobbler. “Let me know how it tastes. I baked a couple of them to make sure it was perfect.” Noah took the second plate from his Mama, after Dad, of course. “Aren’t you excited for harvest season?” Mama asked, watching both of the men for their reactions. Noah hesitated, then nodded. “Yeah, Mama,” he said in a hushed voice. “It’s gonna be a busy one,” Dad said, once again stuffing his face with the dessert. Pieces of cobbler dusted the table in front of him, the jam dripping down his fingers as finished off the piece. “Lots of corn this year.”  Noah nodded again. “I’m sure it’ll go by fast.” He had never gone a summer and fall without helping with the harvest. He glanced over at the empty seat again, Liza’s bright eyes staring back at his, a snicker still on her face. He would find out soon enough. Noah snapped out of his reminiscing, feeling the worn wooden handle in his palm. How could he keep thinking about it, when it had already been years since? He leaned back over, pulling up weeds from between each soybean plant. He glanced over at the house in the distance, where his mother had likely started lunch by then. Liza stood between them, the hot haze seeping from the ground warping her figure, distorting her brown plaited curls. She watched him, unmoving in her blue jeans overalls and burnt orange shirt. Noah looked back down to the field and got back to work.   Noah had to get out of the house. The lack of warmth that his last visit had somehow conjured up no longer lingered in the halls of his childhood home. To be completely honest, he did not want to be there in the first place. The second that his Mama asked for him to run down to the store and pick up some stuff in Seneca for dinner, Noah had already bolted out the door, list in hand and Maisie in the passenger seat. Back down the gravel road and down Highway , he drove the half-hour trip down to the only store that Mama Kay would ever dare to step in. This store was a very specific brand: one that Mama always said “ had all the right things that she needed,” which looking back, sounded like she just wanted to flirt with Mr. Hatcher, the owner of the store. Mama threw a fit any time Dad suggested a closer store, like the one in Long Creek or even any of the ones in Westminster since it was on the way. No, it had to be the  rundown family store by Lake Keowee. Noah pulled up in his red pickup truck into the lot, parking in the spot facing away from the store. He walked around and let Maisie out of the passenger side, not worried when he saw her run off around the back of the store; she had been here many times before, and she always listened to Noah when he called her back. He walked over to the old wooden door and pushed it open, wincing as a few flecks of old paint chipped off at the movement.  “Well, I’ll be damned,” The man behind the register said in surprise, “I haven’t seen you in quite a while, Noah Spears.” “Max!” Noah chuckled, grasping his hand and pulling him into a half hug. “How’s it going, man?” Max grinned at him, pushing his dark hair out of his eyes. “Just graduated this May, finally. Still haven’t gotten a job yet, but I’m not too worried about that.”  Noah laughed at that, looking around the store. It was even smaller than he remembered it, the couple of isles that they kept were barely wide enough for him to walk down. It was mainly junk food and basic cooking supplies, some fresh fruit from the tail end of the spring and summer harvest at the back of the store. Mama always complained about the late fruit, something about an “overripeness.” Noah brought the things he grabbed onto the counter, relief where the items pulled at his arms. He had only left Charleston a single day before, his job a week, and he could already feel his muscles falling back into disuse. It was embarrassing, to say the least. Max began bagging his items in tan plastic bags when he spoke again. “How’s your mama doin’ with everything?”  The corner of Noah’s mouth crooked up, giving Max the usual “doin’ well, thanks for askin’.” Yet when he thought about it, she was acting strange, wasn’t she? The way that she lied about the harvest, the weird way she was speaking when he first got home? Max was right on one account; all of it seemed a bit too odd to be a completely normal day for her. Maybe she was nervous, he thought. She’d always been a bit of a flighty person, even more so now that he was grown.  “Considering that I haven’t seen her in a good while, I’d think so,” Noah said, handing over two twenties to pay for the $. he owed. Max went to pull out the change, but Noah raised his hand, shaking his head slightly. “Don’t worry ‘bout it, you can keep the change,” he said as he picked up two of the bags. Max picked up the last bag and the two percent milk and followed Noah out of the store. “Let me get this straight,” Max said behind him, “you haven’t been here in a while? Like how long we talking?” Noah opened the passenger door, placing the bags in the floorboard of the passenger side, turning to take the other bags from Max. “I haven’t been back since the day after Liza’s funeral. Why does it matter?” Noah said, roughly taking the groceries from Max’s hands. “I didn’t see you at her funeral.” Noah could not remember the funeral itself, other than the image of the coffin lowering into the ground on an all too bright day. That, and the feeling of the pole digging into his shoulder as he carried his sister to her final resting place.  “Well, yeah, of course I was there. We’d all been friends since we were kids, remember?” Max said, innocent confusion on his face. Noah sighed. “I remember you following us around like a lost puppy because you had taken a liking to my sister.”  He put his pinkies to his mouth and whistled, hearing the commotion in the underbrush of his herd dog coming to find him. Maisie came running up to him, jumping into the truck as if she read his mind. She was always such a good dog. Unlike this nosy- “Well, didn’t everyone?” “I didn’t. Bye.” Noah climbed into the truck, slamming the door behind him. He turned the keys in the ignition where he always left them and backed up, just about hitting Max (which he did not mind in particular if it had happened), and sped out of the lot. Max always had been such a loudmouth, just the same as when he was younger. It made Noah’s blood boil. He should know better than to ask about dead sisters. Noah sped down the road, surely breaking several traffic ordinances. Fortunately, they just did not ticket on this side of the state like they did on the coast. The water of Lake Keowee, however, just about felt like he was back on the East Coast again. He had not looked at it on his way into Seneca, but leaving, it seemed to stand out to him with the sun hitting the water directly into his eyes. He could never hate this view, not when it looked so nice. He had driven down this road in particular quite often, especially right after Dad had gotten that old gray truck for Liza and him to share. Well, ridden was the more accurate description. Liza was the designated driver, dragging him and puppy Maisie and occasionally  Max when he flashed the same eyes as the dog. He could see her as he drove, foot propped up on the dash as she stared out the window, directly into the sun. Her hand moved with the wind, her fingers dancing as the air pushed against her arm. She looked back at him, a smile bright on her freckled face and her warm hazel eyes frozen in an almost laugh. A horn honked, and Noah swerved slightly to avoid a pair of headlights in the lane he had drifted into. Heart racing, he looked back to his passenger seat. The sun had dipped just below the horizon. Liza was gone. He did eventually make it back home, helping his Mama make dinner and sitting through the awkward small talk that involved mostly his life back in Charleston. Mama Kay seemed a bit disappointed that he had not gained himself a girlfriend or a partner, which Noah could not help but ignore. He finally got her to let him go to bed, which was a process in itself. The only issue was, as he got into the shower, the banging on the walls. Of course, Noah grew up with the nonsense that came with living in the middle of nowhere. Random animals hitting the house, weird smells coming from outside, and even a snake that he almost stepped on getting out of bed when he was twelve.  Even so, this sound was of a variety other than the usual. It was quite a different one, to say the least. Maybe a deer had gotten stuck in the hangover porch? No, that did not make sense either. To describe it, it almost sounded like someone beating on the wall outside with a hammer. It couldn’t be a person, not all the way out here? All of these thoughts ran through his mind as Noah did his best to ignore the ruckus outside. He brushed his teeth, put on some sleep clothes, and even got himself into bed with Maisie next to him. She could not drift into sleep with the noise either, her head turned to the  noise with her ears perked up. The banging slowly grew louder, so much so that eventually Noah could not take it anymore. This was not the normal “if you hear it, no you do not” type of situation that he was raised to avoid. It sounded like someone was trying to break into the house- or at least cause property damage. He left his bedroom door ajar as he crept to the back door so Maisie could follow if she wanted to. Noah grabbed the metal skillet that Mama had used to cook the chicken from earlier from the sink and walked to the exit, looking out the window of the door through the short curtains. There was nothing but the old porchlight illuminating the old Honda his mama drove, but the noise was still as loud as ever. He opened the door slightly, slipping out without a sound. He crept around the corner of the tin wall, and he finally saw it: a shadow of a man, banging his hand on the wall. Noah stopped, a cold shiver running up his spine. The man stopped, looking back to where Noah was standing and watching- and he bolted. Noah barked out a loud “Hey!” and ran after him. The person was quick, he could give him that. The man ducked under every branch and dodged every bush. Hell, he might have been even better than Noah. He was not good enough, though. Noah caught the back of his shirt, sending the two tumbling over grass and roots. However, Noah got to his feet first, and he jumped on the man. He could hear Maisie barking behind him, running towards the two. Even in the dark shadows of the forest, he could make out the features of his face, and he just stared, so very, very confused.  “Max, what the hell are you doing here?” Noah asked as the lanky man groaned and rubbed his head from the fall. “Wha- why are you here? Why were you banging on the wall?!”  “Noah, listen-” Max said, trying to leverage his body back up. Noah got off of him but kept a hand on his arm. He was not going to run away again. “Look man, I- I’ve been keeping an eye on your mom. I had my suspicions, but-” Noah squeezed his arm tighter, causing the other to wince.  “What the hell are you talking about, Max? What suspicions of my mother could you possibly have?” He asked. “If you would shut up, I’ll tell you!” Max shouted, ripping his arm away. “She’s been acting weird lately. Especially since no one’s seen your dad in a while, we all were concerned, but she wouldn’t say anything at all about him. So I started coming by and checking myself.” Noah watched as he rubbed his arm, the redness from his grip turning almost purple in the darkness. “I came out one night, maybe around three weeks or so ago? There was a lot of shouting, and both your parents came outside. Noah, it wasn’t pretty. They were arguing so much. Your mom-” he choked up, chest heaving, “she hit him with some metal thing. It might actually be that skillet you’re holding, I’m not too sure. He never had a heart attack.” Noah just stared at him, utter confusion coursing through his mind. She would never harm a fly, not even when they were kids and acting like fools. No, that was his father’s job. She had been acting weird, yes, but hurting someone. No, murdering his dad? Completely out of the question. Noah grabbed Max’s shirt collar, yanking his face close to Noah’s and forcing him to make eye contact. 20 “You will never walk in these woods again, do you understand? Stay away.